# Sonic and Shadow Vs Giant Shredder!!

Today we're going to check out everybody getting shredded by a giant shredder. There is no way that I'm getting shredded. I'm going to tell you that right now. Not only are you getting shredded, but you're also getting dipped in acid, too. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watch this video, hit that like and subscribe button, and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. I hope you're ready, bro, because this one is going to be really interesting. Believe me. Um, yeah. I think you're a big fat liar, dude, because I don't see meat anywhere on here and I don't think I'm getting shredded in this. Maybe not in this video, but you're definitely going to be shredded and you're going to be putting acid later on. So, you just wait, bro. Well, I'm not getting shredded right now. And it looks like Amy is going to get ran over by a steamroller with spikes on it. Holy smokes, man. This looks brutal. What? Yeah, I wasn't really expecting this. I thought it was just going to be a regular old steamroller. I mean, a regular steamroller or not. This is still pretty gruesome, dude. Look at all the holes she has in her. Yeah. Um, wasn't really expecting that. Okay, let's see who's going to get picked next for this one. I know for a fact it's not going to be me, so I'm actually pretty stoked about this. Come on. Come on. Oh, it's me. Did you hear how happy you were to be the one that was chosen? I don't know why I was so happy because this right here does not look like it's a good time for anybody involved. Yeah. And it's not even a shredder. This one's like a grinder or something. Oh my gosh, man. This is gruesome. Yeah. Holy cow. It's shown the entire process of me like going through the grinder. I'm not going to complain because number one, it's not me. And number two, it's actually kind of satisfying when you think about it. When I think about it, dude, look at that. And it looked like a piece of paper that just fell over. Yeah, you make a pretty good point. But let's find out who's going to get picked next. My guess is Tails. I bet you it's Tails. Come on. Come on, Tails. Nope. Looks like you were wrong, bro. It's Blaze. Okay. And Blaze is not going to go through the meat grinder or the spike steamroller. She's just going to get flattened by a regular steamroller. I mean, to be honest, I don't know which one would be worse. A steamroller with spikes or a regular steamroller. Yeah, I'm pretty sure they would both be absolutely terrible because either way, you're dead for sure. Even though these are just like toy characters, I'm pretty sure Eggman's having like the time of his life right now. Dude, look at that. It's almost like she is one with the floor. Yeah, seriously. All right, let's see who's going to be picked up next. We got Silver and Tails. This one has got to be Tails. Come on, Tails. Come on. Oh, really? It's going to be Silver. Man, I could never guess these ones correctly. All right, let's see what's going to happen to Silver now. Is that like a Zamboni or like a wood chipper? I can't really tell. Um, I'm pretty sure that's a wood chipper, bro. And uh, Silver's not going to like what's about to happen. Okay, that's got to be the weirdest wood chipper I've ever seen cuz I've never seen one turn something into ice cubes. Imagine having one of those on a hot summer day. I'd be kind of stoked about that. Not going to lie, anytime I hear this music, I still get stressed out about it, no matter the situation. Well, here we go. It's finally Tails. Let's see what's going to happen to him. Hopefully, something terrible. Why would you want something terrible to happen to Tails? That's pretty messed up, dude. The only thing that's messed up here is Eggman fistp pumping as he runs over all of you guys because that right there is just psychotic. You do realize that we're talking about Eggman here, right? Like, he is known for being incredibly psychotic. So, I wouldn't put this past him in the slightest. Wait a second here. Did nothing happen to Tails? He literally just ran over him for nothing. No, it looks like uh it ran over him and turned him into a balloon or something and then he gets a whole bunch of rings for that. Okay, this doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever. The ring part and the balloon part. I have no idea what we just watched. Yeah, I really have no idea either, but it looks like we're watching a shadow animation now. So, this might be the one where you're getting destroyed, bro. Yeah, I highly doubt that because if I wasn't in the last one, I don't think he's going to run me over with anything in this video. Yeah, I think you're spot on cuz I don't think you're getting ran over by anything in this. I think um you just got sliced in a bunch of different pieces. Did I just get frozen and then sliced into a bunch of pieces? What is this all about? That better not be acid. I don't think that's acid, dude. I think that's like oil or something like that. This is insane. I don't get ran over. I just get melted. This is absolutely ridiculous. Think of it this way. This entire video is about different ways to kill you. So, in theory, this is actually a big win for you. Chaos blast. Did I just chaos blast myself to death? What in the world is this? I got like transformed into a Minecraft character and then smooched. I don't know, man. It's like chaos blast turned you into Legos or something like that. I can't really tell. And now I'm getting sliced by a whole bunch of lasers. What in the world did I do to this person to deserve this? This is wild. Yeah, I don't know, man. But it looks like something with Shin Sonic is about to happen next. Are you kidding me? The last way that I die is getting dropped into Shin Sonic's mouth. Okay, this is this is a little bit absurd. I'm sorry. Yeah, there's definitely a chance that this is going to haunt my nightmares for sure. Oh, here we go. A new animation. So, it looks like we got Amy hanging over the top of a gigantic shredder. Oh man, this isn't going to end well. I'm just curious how she got in this predicament in the first place. Like, why are you climbing a cliff? Why are you doing it over a giant shredder? And why are you only holding on with one hand? I don't get it. Maybe she's just trying to get away from you, bro. Who knows? Come on, man. Be serious. Like, Amy would want to try to get away from me. If only I could be so lucky. Wait a second. Who is that? Is that Jet the Hawk? I think it is. Those are his boots for sure. I guess that explains how Amy is hanging above this gigantic shredder. Looks like Jet the Hawk put her here. Jet is absolutely ruthless. Number one, buying a shredder that big, but number two, putting Amy above it just to throw her in there. Savage, bro. I don't know if savage is the word that I would use. More like messed up, but hey, whatever. And not only is she going to fall into this shredder, but she hit all of those rocks on the way down. That is a terrible way to go, bro. I know this is hard to watch. I mean, look at how gruesome this is. Good thing there's no blood in this animation because this would be this would be something else for sure. All right, here we go. Another animation it looks like. So, there's a slide with obviously, go figure, another gigantic shredder. Okay, perfect. And wait, Amy got a plus one and I got zero. What is that supposed to mean? Does she get points for like dying first? That doesn't make any sense. Yeah, it does. That makes this way more fun to watch. Okay, come on. Come on. Yeah, there we go. Sticks got a point and it looks like Tails got zero. Now we're talking. That is pretty messed up even for you. These guys aren't even real. I don't know what the big deal is. There we go. Rouge got another point and Knuckles got zero. That means Team Sonic is at zero points total. I've got to score at least one point here. Come on. Who's next? Oh, here we go. It's me and Blaze. Now we're talking. Come on. Come on. Wait. Seriously, she got a point and I got zero. That's bogus. I think what's even weirder is the fact that you were on my team. I would have much rather had Blaze than you, dude. Well, that definitely makes two of us, bro. That's for sure. Oh, there we go. I finally got a point. Silver's the first one out of everybody that has finally scored a point for my team. Awesome. And here we go. Wave versus Jet. And go figure. Wave gets the point and Jet doesn't. Wait a second here. Jet was on my team. That doesn't make any sense at all. I can't stand Jet. Oh, here we go. Another animation, dude. And it looks like Eggman is way too excited about this. He's lucky that we're all like toys or something because there is no way he'd be able to capture all of us and put us in these cages. Hang on just a second. Am I seriously not in this animation either? Why in the world does Amy get a spot in here, but I don't? I don't know what the big deal is because we're all going to get shredded and nothing's going to happen to you. It's the principle, dude. I'm just saying. Amy Rose is not more popular than me. You never know, man. She's going to be in the next Sonic movie. And for all we know, she's going to be a main character and possibly outshine you. So, who knows? That would be a real bummer if Amy was cooler than me in the next Sonic movie. I don't know, man. Did you see the way she was using her hammer like Thor to like call it back through all of those metal Sonics? I'm not going to lie, that was actually super cool to see that. But I just don't see her being stronger than me in the next movie. That's all I'm saying. I'm just going to say it again. I'm glad that none of these characters are actually real because this would be so gruesome to watch 100%. And one more thing, if Amy gets the Chaos Emeralds and like goes super or something, I am seriously going to rage. I don't think that's how it's going to go down, bro. I think she was followed to the past from Metal Sonic from like a distant future or something like that. I mean, to be honest, that sounds a lot like Terminator, and I'm actually okay with it because that movie was amazing. I actually haven't seen that movie in a really long time. You make me want to watch it again. This is what Amy gets for possibly being cooler than me in the next Sonic movie. I think that's a little bit messed up to wish that somebody falls into a shredder if possibly they're cooler than you in an upcoming movie, dude. Okay, that's not what I meant. I'm just saying I hope that when I get brought back in the next movie, I'm not a wimp. You know what I mean? You know as well as I do that there is no way anybody would let that happen. Well, everybody, if you guys enjoyed that video, then make sure you guys click one of the videos that's on the screen right now because it's one of my favorites and I'm telling you, you guys are really going to like it. One of your favorites? I'm pretty sure that's one of my favorites.