# REACTING To Sonic in First Person!!

Shadow. Dude, today we're gonna watch Sonic in first person. That's crazy. What are we gonna do? Strap a GoPro to your forehead? I think that's kind of like exactly what this video is going to be. I'm actually super pumped about this. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. Oh, dude, we're just jumping right into this. I love it. I'm not going to lie, your world looks pretty insane from first person. You're pretty quick. This is so cool. Actually, watching this as a video is a lot different. You know what we should do? We should go get a fan and blow it on us so we could really feel what it's like to be Sonic for a day. Whoa, dude. Look at this. This is so wild. We've got to play a mod like this on a Sonic game here like soon. Wo! I don't know. I'm starting to get a little queasy. This is all happening so fast. I know, dude. This is so cool. Look at this. Now I just finally get to show people what it feels like to run as me. You know what I mean? You know what's crazy is how the view doesn't change when you spin dash because you're spinning around so fast. That's actually a really good point. I'm just using boost though, so I feel like it's just it just works easier. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's true. It's crazy to think how much grind rails are actually in all these levels. You know what I mean? Looks like it takes a lot of time to set everything up, doesn't it? Look at this. There we go. Oh my gosh. Right through that loop-de-loop. Look at this. Those twisty corkcrew loop-de-loop things are so insane. And I like how I'm just like doing some dashing. I'm doing some sliding. I'm just This is just This is just a great time right now. I'm starting to get a little queasy. I don't know. Could you slow down for just a second, dude? It does feel like we're like at some sort of an amusement park or whatever. Like watching this on the screen and not actually running does kind of get me a little bit sick. This is crazy. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What did you just run into right there? Dude, we're going to another level. This is really, really cool. I love this. Whoa, look how many of those sliding things are over here. This is going nuts. This is I forgot the name of this city. What is this? And then this is Radical Highway, I think. Actually, no. It's I I I'm not 100% sure. It looks like Radical Highway, but I can't really tell. Wa! Did you see all those spikes right there? Good thing you missed those. Wow, look at this. We're like climbing up the buildings. Oh, wait. Now we're going to go platforming on this. Man, this is so weird actually watching this and not doing it myself. You know what's crazy is like you're probably one of the original people that started doing uh what do you call it? When you jump off of buildings and you and you and you uh do back flips. Yeah, platforming, dude. No, parkour is what I'm thinking of. You're like one of the original parkour people. Oh, yeah. You're right. Huh? Yeah, that's true. I'm running right down this building, too. Look at that. Yeah. Okay. I don't think I could do this in first person and play this game. I don't think I could. Yeah. I think it's just all coming at you so fast when you don't have that little view from behind. It's a It's really difficult this way because it's kind of hard to judge your distance and where to jump and where to go. I got another question. When are you actually coming over to play games? Cuz it's been like a while since we like had a good gaming session. You know what I mean? Well, maybe I'll come by later on this afternoon and we could see really who's the best gamer. What game should we play? Well, that's an easy one. We should just ask everybody in the comment section. What game would you want to see us play? Oh, that's a good idea. Yeah. What would you guys want to see me and Shadow play? I mean, obviously Shadow's going to play, you know, Sonic Adventure 2, but I mean, I'm down to like, you know, play some Roblox or something like that. That'd be fun. That's true. There's a lot of good Roblox games that I want to try playing right now. Hang on. Does everybody playing or everybody watching the video right now, are you guys like Oh, this is City Escape. This is so cool. Sorry, I lost my train of thought. Yeah, City Escape is a pretty cool map. And now look, you're on your board right now. Okay, I I I just remembered. I just remembered. Okay, so that new game, Grow a Garden, like, do you guys play that game? I know that someone said there's a lot of people that play that game. It doesn't look like that fun to me. I must say I'm actually addicted to Grow a Garden. I think I've got like 192 hours in last week. You got 192? No, you didn't, bro. That is the biggest lie I've ever heard in my life. Okay, you're right. I was lying, man. Could you imagine 192 hours in a game in a week? That'd be uh that means you just never did anything and you created hours. Oh, Sonic, I don't know if you saw that, but we were moving so fast that the map didn't even have a chance to load yet. This guy really is going fast. And was that me right there? Dude, City Escape in first person is insane, man. This is I mean, I beat this level so many times like by myself, but watching it in first person is a whole another level. Do you think that you could beat it this fast in first person like this? I honestly don't think I could. I think it would actually take me a lot longer to beat it in first person. Just saying. Yeah, I agree. I think I would probably get really sick trying to do this in first person and I'd probably puke all over my computer screen. Oh, see, I messed up that first time. I tried to jump across that and uh homing attacked that, but I messed up and I had to go back. That's crazy. I was going to say it looks like you're not perfect. Oh, dude, check that out. Got the platforming and everything over here on the right side. Well, I seriously didn't think you were going to make that one, but there you go. Going up these stairs. We're going up these. I am. We got to get the grinder right here. Watch this. I'm going to grind on Nope. I'm not going to grind on this, I guess. I thought I was going to do that. Dang it. I totally thought you were going to grind on that rail, too. Instead, you decided to run down the whole way. Dude, I think this level is in uh in Sonic Speed Simulator. It's a game on Roblox. I'm pretty sure I played this on there, too. This is this is a a thing that I remember. Whoa. I think you're right. Oh yeah, that's right. We should do that. That'd be kind of fun. We could like race in that and stuff and I could beat you in the in all the racing modes. Sonic, I must say I'm a little disappointed you. You're leaving a lot of rings behind. Oh, hang on. That was a uh a saw blade right there. And I I know I know sometimes I don't get all the rings, but I do my best. You were probably avoiding all those rings because you had a giant saw blade chasing after you. I guess that's a little acceptable. I do not remember City Escape being that long, but then again, you know, oh, this person got an S rank on that. That's impressive. Oh, now we're talking. We're going to race right now. I don't think you stand a chance against me. How come we don't get to see my point of view? Well, and now we're going to if we're racing in Space Colony Arc. This is like your main level from like Sonic Adventure 2, bro. So, I wouldn't be surprised if I lose this one. Yeah, I guess it's better to do a firsterson view from your end. That way you could see me. I mean, I guess so. You know, if we're talking about you here, I suppose, but you know, who knows? That's what I'm saying. I'm going to be in the lead most of the time. So, it's better that we see your view so you could see me skating in front of you. I like how it says like and subscribe down there in the bottom left. I hope everyone watch this video has hit that like and subscribe button for sure. Yeah, I'm definitely like and subscribing this channel. This video is amazing. Woah. Is that the death egg up there or not? Oh, here we go. This is pretty cool. So, now we have the the live and learn music behind us, too. This is so cool. Yeah, this soundtrack is pretty kicking. Wa! How did you do that? I thought you were going to smash your face right into that meteor looking thing. Dude, meteors can't touch us. And especially when this song plays, most of the time we're all we're super. So, I'm just surprised that we're not actually super right now. This is very accurate. You see how I'm in front of you there? Whoa. We're like We were like one right there. You and I are like fused together to be one hedgehog. Whoa. What just happened? How come you just stopped like that? Are you trying to let me win? I have no idea, bro. Oh, never mind. It's over. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button and let's watch another video together right over here. Oh, dude. That one's actually one of my favorites. Click that one.