# GIANT Sonic Vs GIANT Pacman Shredder!!

All right, dude. I'm excited. Let's do this. Here we go. Hang on. What just happened? Why did it go to like a black screen, like a trailer? I think it was just showing us what's about to get shredded. So, I guess that's the Sonic that's going to go inside that Pac-Man shredder. Oh, check it out. It's Eggman. Here we go. I can't wait to see this thing get shredded. This is going to be great. Go in there. Go in there. Yeah, there we go. Take that, Eggman. Oh, dude. It's shown us the inside of the shredder, too. That's actually really satisfying. All right, an astronaut balloon. This is going to be kind of cool. You know what, dude? Sometimes I wish that we had a gigantic shredder so we could just put random things in there like this. I know. That would be pretty cool. And right here it looks like that guy's like taunting the Pac-Man shredder. Like dude, just put it in. I'm hungry. Look at that. Think about how much money this guy spends on stuff just going in this shredder. Like look at this piñata. How much do you think this thing costs? I don't know. He probably buys this stuff at like the dollar store or something because if you're putting this many things in here, I mean, I can't imagine you'd be spending a whole bunch of money just to shred it later. You know what I mean? I don't know, man. This video has over like 5 million views. And this channel does this all the time. I mean, I guess that makes sense cuz if you're getting a whole bunch of views, I guess you can afford buying like other cool stuff to throw on the shredder. Like, there's no way that this stuffed sloth right here costs a dollar. I mean, that's a pretty high quality stuffed animal. You know what I mean? And look at him. He's just going to toss it in there like it's nobody else's business. And it's absolutely wild because it goes from sloth to absolutely nothing in about 2 seconds flat. I'm surprised it doesn't like clog the shredder or whatever cuz there's quite a bit of stuffing inside that stuffed animal, you know. Hang on. What's this cat's name? It's um um Hang on. I'm drawing a blank. Who is this? I'm pretty sure that's Catnap from Poppy Playtime. I think he like replaced HuggyWuggy or something like that. Wait a second. How did you know that answer so quickly? Are you doing like some gaming or something behind my back? Bro, who doesn't play video games nowadays? I mean, you can join me anytime you want. Just saying. Where's the giant Sonic that's going to get shredded? I'm curious because wasn't that on the thumbnail? Oh, there it is right there. Check it out on the ground. You are about to get cooked, bro. This Pac-Man shredder is going to Wait, what just happened? I think they're just teasing us because it was just on the ground a second ago. Now this person is like moving it along this like rope or something. Basically saying, "Hey, I'm about to get shredded. What are you going to do about it?" Hey, wait. What? What just happened? They just went to another thing. Now we're watching Pac-Man getting shredded inside of a different shredder. I'm confused. Oh, and check it out. It looks like this Pac-Man actually clogged the shredder just like we were talking about. And something's happening to the shredder. Oh, wait. It transformed into the Pac-Man shredder. Okay, I get it. So, it clogged the shredder, so it became the shredder. Got it. Okay. Okay. So, note to self. If we ever want to create like a character version of a shredder, we just have to put something in it and have it get clogged. Dude, could you imagine if that's actually how it worked? That would be pretty wild, dude. We would have so many Hey, wa wa. Dude, don't put your hand in there. What are you doing? Stop it. Are you literally touching that with your fingers right now? Seriously though, get your hand out of there. This is giving me anxiety, bro. I mean, even if this person is like a super professional with like industrial-grade like shredders, I still don't want to see that. You never know what can happen. Oh, here we go. We're getting some classic Pac-Man like uh balls or whatever. Those look like those balls inside ball pits, but they like glued them to a thing of cardboard. That's actually pretty smart. Oh, now we're going to get a Pikachu balloon that's going to go in there. You know what? This is going to be great. Check it out. It can barely even fit in the mouth. Wait a second. Didn't Tails get mistaken for Pikachu in the third Sonic movie? I mean, Pikachu and Tails are both pretty adorable, you have to admit. Hang on a second. Are these like pool noodles or are they those like stretchy things that you can like accordion in and out? Yeah, it's definitely the other one. Okay, never mind. Now I can see it better. Not going to lie, man. This is kind of making me want to buy one of those gigantic shredders because think of all the cool things that we can throw in there, you know? Yeah, like a Bart Simpson plushy. Oh, look at that. That thing was done in like 2 seconds. Wow. Okay, now we're getting the pool noodle. Let's see how long this thing takes to get shredded. It's kind of weird. Even though it's orange, it kind of looks like Pac-Man's tongue. Like a like he's a frog or something like that. You know what I mean? No, I get what you're saying for sure. I get Tameleon vibes a little bit more from this. But I definitely see what you mean. Look at all the remnants of the pool noodle. Dude, pool noodles everywhere are terrified of this machine after this video. Oh, here we go. More ball pit balls being fed to him on that cardboard thing. Awesome. I wonder if doing this is like these people's main job. Cuz think of how cool it would be is if every day you just go buy a bunch of stuff and then throw it into your shredder. I think that'd be really fun. No, 100% man. I would wake up every morning with like a gigantic smile on my face going, "Man, I can't wait to see what we're going to shred today." Is that like a life-siz Mario balloon? Oh, man. This is going to be great. Can't wait to see that go in here. Run faster, Mario, because you are about to get cooked by this Pac-Man shredder. Up. Too late. Never mind. There goes your leg. If we own one of these things, we'd want to make sure that we didn't have any loose clothing cuz it looks like once something goes in there, it is not getting out. You know what I mean? Did you seriously just say if we owned one of these things, we'd have to make sure not to wear loose clothing? Yeah, think about it, man. Like if you were wearing a hoodie and had like drawstrings on it, like you wouldn't want that getting caught in there. Or maybe like your shoelaces or something like that. But we don't wear clothes and our shoes don't even have shoelaces. Like what are you talking about, dude? I'm just saying hypothetically if we did, it would probably be a bad idea to wear those around our industrial-grade shredder, you know. Wait, what just happened? The shredder exploded because it had a balloon stuck in its mouth. I'm confused. Yeah, me too. But it looks like the balloon is the only thing left after the shredder exploded. So, yeah, you got me, dude. Wait a second. Is this what happened to the shredder after it exploded? It like turned into a different shredder, and now we're shredding minions stuff. I mean, it sure does look that way, but I just want to know where that gigantic Sonic plushy is because I really want to see that thing get shredded. I know. Me, too. Maybe this is like the calm before the storm. Like, they're showing all this other stuff getting shredded and then we're going to see the Sonic plush get shredded. I don't know. You know what? To be honest, Despicable Me and those Minion movies are actually pretty good. Oh, absolutely, man. I laughed multiple times while watching those. But I don't know how I feel about them shredding these notebooks because that's a lot of blank pages, which means that's a whole lot of stuff that you could write in there, dude. I mean, you could say the exact same thing about the plushies that they shredded earlier because anybody could get use out of those, you know. Don't you dare put those lollipops in there. Don't do it. No. Oh, come on, man. Those are perfectly good lollipops. I think I just died a little bit inside. I know. Seriously, did you see how big those things were? They would have been absolutely delicious, bro. RIP to another notebook. Let's see what the next one he's going to shred here. Looks like a thing of Play-Doh or something like that. Or minion Play-Doh. I don't know. Oh, he's not even going to take the Play-Doh out of the can. He's just going to let it get shredded with the bucket. Oh, dude, that didn't look like Play-Doh. That looked like sand or something like that. And it's pretty funny. He's like, "Nope. The lid needs to suffer the same fate. I don't want to throw this thing away. It needs to definitely get shredded, too." And now we're going to get a stretchy Kevin that's going to get shredded. Oh, come on, man. That thing looks like so much fun to play with. Give it to me instead of shredding it. I'm pretty sure his fate is sealed, bro. This thing is absolutely going to get dominated by this shredder, and I actually can't wait to see it. Yeah. Okay, you're not wrong. This is actually going to be kind of satisfying to see this thing get shredded. Okay, here we go. How they going to do it? They're just going to drop him in or or what? Oh, wow. That's kind of gruesome. They like held the top of his head as his entire body got shredded by that shredder. Oh, and we get a different angle from it, too. Oh, man. Oh, here we go. Finally, we're going to see this giant Sonic plushy get eaten by the Pac-Man shredder. Okay, this is going to be super satisfying. I don't know, man. I think this plushy is humongous. I think you're personally going to clog the shredder. Wait, is it even going right now? I can't even tell. See, I told you, bro. You clogged it. Now he has to like reverse the uh the shredder and then he's going to have to like push you back in or something. Oh no. Here we go. Now it's going. Never mind. It got stuck again. So now he's got to reverse it and then put it back in. Man, if this was actually me, this would be a terrible way to go. Not going to lie. And now you got stuck for a third time. Dude, this is crazy. I'm surprised this thing can even shred this gigantic plushy. I know. Seriously. Oh, wait. Now I was going to show us what it looks like. Okay, that's a little bit gruesome. No, we don't need to see that. We don't need to see that. Just put that back in there and call it a day. Oh, here we go. Come on. Come on. Do it. Do it. Put it in there. Is it finally going to go? Oh, nope. It got stuck one last time. And I'm trying my best to hold it together, bro. But seeing a plushy this size getting shredded like this is kind of a bummer cuz you don't see plushies this size of me really anymore. What are you talking about? We saw a whole bunch of these at the carnival last year. Yeah, but none of them were this size. They were all the smaller versions of this, you know. Anyways, everybody, make sure you click that like and subscribe button and click one of the videos that's on the screen right now. It's actually one of my favorites.