# Shadow Gets Turned Into ORBEEZ!!

All right, dude. Today it's time to watch you get turned into Orbeez. Oh, finally. I've been waiting for this. This guy does an amazing job of doing it, too. So, I can't wait to see the explosion that you make. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button, and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. Okay, here we go. There's Shadow, and I'm holding a Chaos Emerald. Oh, no. They're breaking you, man. It's I know that he did this to me, too, but still, it it still hurts just as much. Seriously, it was so detailed and so awesome. And then all he has to do is just take that shovel and just destroy everything. I guess we just got to wait and see what the finished product looks like. I know that's true. But he is going to pour that like what do you call it? Like that quick drying cement or whatever inside your body. Wow, that was actually a really clean cut. How did he get it so smooth from that original big mess he made? Like this is a perfectly clean cut thing into some sand. Like think of how long it actually takes him to get it this smooth looking, you know? Yeah. So it looks like he's doing that concrete thing, right? He's going to splash it everywhere and make a big mess and then he's going to snap his fingers and it's going to be perfect. I want to know what this stuff actually is. Like what is the concrete stuff that he pours in there? Cuz it's like this is really cool. Like hardens up and it like it's seriously like concrete. I'm pretty sure it's like concrete without like any rocks in it. That's why it's so smooth. It looks it almost looks like a frying pan when it's done. I like that he put like before he obviously cut it out. I like that he did all like the designs and stuff to like your face and your shoes and your gloves and stuff. He even put the creases in the Chaos Emerald even though he's not going to use any of it. Yeah, it really does seem like a lot of time wasted putting all that energy into the details that you're just going to destroy anyways. But hey, it's here for our entertainment purposes. That's true. That's true. And I and I like I wonder what he's going to do with the Chaos Emerald. Oh wow, this is kind of awesome. But they didn't even show us doing all that other part. And now too, look, all the edges are perfect. Are these like nine different places that they're using? Or is it all the same hole they originally dug? I'm just curious like how many of these this person does in like a week because this channel has like almost 12 million subscribers. Bro, this is this is nuts. They must have their own beach where they can do all this because there's nobody walking around stepping on it and ruining it. Every time I try to build a sand castle at the beach, someone steps on it. I know. Especially like last time I made my sand castle. You stepped all over mine, bro. Well, I did that on purpose. I'm talking about on accident. Wow, dude. Wow. Way to be that guy. Hold up. Are these black Orbeez or are these olives? I can't tell. Oh, no. They're definitely Orbeez. They're bouncing all over the place. Dude, why would they be olives? That doesn't make any sense. The video's titled Shadow Becomes Orbeez. Like, not shadow becomes olives. That's true. I I I could have seen that coming, but that's a lot of black Orbeez to fill me in right there. There we go. It's starting to look pretty good, though. When did this guy get the idea to make a YouTube channel about doing Orbeez like characters? Like this is just so cool. I mean, I could watch this for hours. I thought it was actually like pretty normal. Every time I go to the beach, I see people playing with Orbeez and making things in the sand like this. No, you don't, bro. You've never seen that one single time. Okay, now it's starting to look like me. He's going to fill in the eyeballs, and then he's going to get a little bit of red and fill in the eyes. Man, this is so cool. Like I I wonder like I wonder how long it took him to draw the shadow. How long it took him to cut it all out and then like he's got to be here all day. My only complaint is that they're using neon yellow for my mouth though. I mean I like how they're going with the green chaos. Even though that symbol right there does kind of look like the Superman symbol. Dude, you're right. It kind of does. That's why they use the green. If they did yellow, it could probably, you know, confuse some people. Bro, this is so good. Look at this guy did such an amazing job on this. I'm impressed. Whoa. What kind of soda was that right there? It looked like pink Pepto-Bismol soda. That soda right there is called Minda. I've never even heard of that soda before, but hopefully it's delicious. Wherever these guys live in the world, they have access to the most exotic sodas known to mankind. I know we saw this last time with me. Uh, but I just the the the thing looks so good. It's just like he pours all this stuff in there, but I kind of die a little bit inside. At this point, he's just like, I'm here to destroy this. And I'm not sure exactly what those liquids are. They don't have any labels on them. I need to know what they are. I know, dude. Me, too. So, he's got all the sodas on the right side, but maybe the stuff on the left side like makes the explosion bigger at the end. Who knows? Oh, dude, I forgot. Is he going to put Mentos in this, too? I didn't know if I read that in the title or not, bro. He's going to put so many mentos in this. This is going to be crazy. It's going to turn into a shadow volcano. The whole island is going to blow up when he puts all those mentos in there. I don't think he's going to put that many mentos, but it's going to be massive and I can't wait to see it. Well, here we go. He's putting all that stuff in there, but I'm still managing to hold on to a little bit of my shape. I know when he did us with you, he started pouring all this stuff in you and you're just destroyed like immediately. I know that's true. If you guys haven't seen that video of me getting turned into Orbeez, you guys need to go watch that. It's on the channel right now. It's It's super satisfying. Something about all these like sodas is making me really thirsty right now. I think I'd like to have that Fanta. The orange Fanta. Oh, that Dude, look at all that. Right there is a jug of Monster. A jug of Monster. I'm pretty sure you'd be awake for like two weeks straight. Yeah, that probably has some sort of warning label on it like, "Hey, don't drink more than half of this. You're probably going to die of a heart attack." More than half, bro. That's still probably like five monsters in a row. That'd be That'd still be way too much. Hey, when I go to 7-Eleven, I ask for a gallon of Monster all the time. Sometimes you need a little bit more energy when you're like, you know, in your super form and stuff, dude. I I'm I guess that's true. You do need some more energy, but dude, I don't know. Five that there's so many monsters in that. That would be that'd be insane. Okay, I'm not sure if that was monster or if that was antifreeze. Either way, starting to ruin my body there. Everybody watch this video right now. Do you guys like monsters? Do you guys think you could drink like a gallon of monsters in one sitting? Cuz there's no way that I could. Dude, look. He's got like five of them. That's like five gallons of monster. That is so much energy. Maybe he's trying to turn me into my super form. Who knows? Could you imagine? Like we just don't need Chaos Emeralds anymore. All we need is like a gallon of Monster and we just become super exactly. Who needs Chaos Emeralds when you have energy drinks? And is that blue Pepsi? That's That is blue. So he probably just put something in the bottle, but it just looks like Pepsi. Got it. No, I think where he lives, he's actually has access to Blue Pepsi. But I think maybe in I don't know where we live, maybe it's outlawed because too many kids were just getting super hyper with Blue Pepsi. I don't know, man. I don't think I've ever seen a Blue Pepsi before. I'm just saying because every time we go to the store to buy it, they're already sold out. Or because we go straight to the chili dog section. That's probably it. What is this guy doing? Look, he's shaking the soda before he opened it. Wo! I couldn't even read what flavor that was. It looked like he like changed places for a second. Like it looked like he was on a different beach for a minute. Some of these that said he opens them up, they start foaming right away. It's amazing that he keeps pouring all this stuff in there, but it still hasn't filled up all the way. Look, I'm just I'm kind of dying a little bit inside, too, of all the sodas and the drinks that he's just wasting cuz I mean, I feel like I kind of want to drink some of these versus throwing them away. You know what I mean? Hold up, Sonic. Was that a banana Fanta? I don't know if those a banana Fanta, but banana Fanta is pretty fun to say. I was just going to say that, dude. Try and say banana Fanta 10 times fast. Banana Fanta. Banana Fanta. Banana Fanta. Yeah, that was pretty good. I'm going to try. No, actually, I'm not because that's that's a little ridiculous. Hold on. The last gallon of Monster almost looks like paint. There was no bubbles really coming up from this monster. So, I'm going to say there's probably not monster in those gallon things. All right. Looks like there's just a few more sodas left. And then he's going to add all the mentos and it's going to blow up the whole beach. Here we go. Schweps. Schweps and some Mountain Dew. I don't I swept is also another word that I think is funny to say. That is a pretty fun one to say. But Chupalupa, is that is that what that soda was called? Chupalupa. That's also fun to say. That's true, dude. Here we go. He's got all the sodas in there now. So now it's Mentos time. I can't wait, dude. Oh, dude. Here we go. Is that Is that it? Oh, yeah. I'm pretty sure that whole thing is filled to the top with Mentos. Is that a duck? That's a duck holding a Coca-Cola sugar. Oh, wait. No, those are Mentos in there. Got it. Oh, and baking soda. Got it. Oh, this is a recipe for disaster. They're going to put all the Mentos inside of that cup. And then they're going to put the baking soda inside that cup. And then they're going to blow the whole thing up. Oh, he's not even going to take him out of the packaging. He's just going to stick him in there and call it a day. Okay, cool. Okay, now he's just being lazy. Why go through all this work, but not even take all the Mentos out of the package? It feels like such a waste. We're going to get two different versions of this. He's going to throw it in with one and then throw it in with other. Like maybe on each side of you or something. Yeah. You know what? Instead of holding a Chaos Emerald, I think it would have been much better if I was holding dual uzoies. Yeah, that would be kind of cool. I mean, but the Chaos Emerald obviously is way more powerful. So, okay, here we go. Oh, he's going to mix it up. Okay. I'm still quite annoyed that he did not take everything out of the package. That's just really bothering me. Oh, here we go. It's going to explode. It's going to explode. Wa! Look at that reverse time. It's kind of, you know, like true. I mean, since I can like stop time and stuff, it's it's kind of cool that they could do that with the editing, too. Look at that. It like cracked the cement there on the Chaos Emerald. Like, watch this. So, when it blows up right there, it seriously cracks the cement. Dude, did you see that? It's going to completely blow up. He's like, "Run, head for the chopper." Oh, dude, look at all the smoke and stuff, too. Imagine being a bystander watching this. That'd be so much fun to see. Something about this just screams that it's not good for the environment. So, maybe that's not a good idea. They do this at the beach. They should do this in like a controlled lab or something. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button and let's watch another video together right over here. Oh, dude, that one's actually one of my favorites.