# Sonic VS Shark

All right, bro. Today we're going to watch a hundred Ways to Kill Me, apparently. 100 Ways to Kill You. This should be interesting. I know. I don't know how I feel about this one, but I guess we're going to find out what happens. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button, and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. Wait, what? I just died already. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Is this another Sonic in real life? You look pretty weird. What is this? Dune restoration? That's not good. Okay, so I Wait, did I just die falling off of that rope right there? I don't understand. How did I die from that? That was a pretty hard fall, I guess. And now it looks like you're going to die because of a ceiling fan. That Among Us dude had enough power to throw me all the way to that ceiling fan. Wait, is this a a hand shark? What is this? Well, I guess one way is to die is to die by a puppet shark getting dragged into the water. That is not the way that I would like to go by some hand shark pulling me into the water and then drowning me. That sounds absolutely awful. Hold up. Did you just get hit by a tennis ball and died? You're a lot weaker than I thought. And now you're just closing an umbrella. Okay. I died from getting closed an umbrella and a tennis ball and now I'm going to die from a cockroach. Is that Is that what's going to happen? Well, death by cockroach is Oh, no. No. It's even worse. It's death by dancing cockroach. What in the world am I watching right now? And now it's an Iron Man cockroach. Bro, I I don't even know what to say right now. Okay, you killed the Iron Man cockroach, but then got attacked by his babies. Hey, look. It's Catnap. And it's Hang on. What's that uh what's that girl's name from uh from Inside Out, too? I think that's the that's the stuffed animal right there. Oh, looks like you just made Catnap really mad. And now Whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't know what that was, bro. It's like he was shoving my face into the ground or something. And I died. Oh, wait. Now I'm going to get drowned by a rock. Okay, not cool. Well, I guess that's one way to die. That was really gruesome. I did not expect that one bit. Okay, now you're going to die because you pushed Catnap off the edge of the bed. How was this going to kill you? Oh, there we go. I mean, no offense. If I'm going to bother Catnap like that and I was sleeping, I would probably throw myself against the window. Okay, now it looks like you're going to die by cat to the head. I I I don't I don't know what that was. Is that was that guy's name? Bingo or something? I don't know. But that is the dirtiest microphone I've ever seen. I would not put my face near that. So, hang on. We're all singing a song right here. And I don't know how I'm going to die from this. Oh, they all just jumped at me. Okay, never mind. That answers my question. That's because it was probably the worst song anyone's ever heard ever in their life. It looks like we're at some sort of water park. And wait, is is that Inside Out two characters splashing me with water? Okay. Okay. Not cool. Well, that's one way to die at a water park. That's not the way that I'd want to do it. That's Wait, I just tripped on a table. That Tell me that doesn't kill me. Please tell me that. No, it's probably that catnap was laughing at you so hard you died of embarrassment. What? That doesn't make any sense. Oh, there's catnap again. What is with this catnap character? I don't know, but I guess he's uh pretty deadly. And now what are those dancy nuggets? I'd probably die if I had to watch those dancy nuggets and I couldn't eat them. I have no idea what's happening. Oh, so I'm dying. What? What just happened right there? I died from dancing and then Catnap hit me and then we just fell off the table. Is that what it was? Uh-oh. Look out. Be careful. I heard those treadmills are pretty deadly. I mean, literally that that treadmill doesn't go faster than like 20 mph, maybe. And I fell off and died. That doesn't make any sense. Oh no. Look out. Sonic was driving 32 mph. Okay, now the car doesn't start. What just happened? So, we're going 30. The car doesn't start. And now I have to walk. What is this? I think you're going to go look for a tow truck. Or maybe you're going to hitchhike. I know hitchhiking is pretty dangerous. Oh, hang on. Why was I driving a car in the first place? That the car was only going 30 mph. Dude, I could walk 30 mph. Bro, you just died from I guess a fart to the face from catnap. I thought that was pretty ridiculous. And now we're smacking Catnap's butt with spatula, so he ended up killing us. Dude, this is I I something's happened to my brain and I don't know what it is. Oh no, it looks like he's trying to make a Sonic salad. Um, yeah, just Okay, that that that's cool. Yeah, put me in underneath some salad. That's that's cool, bro. Oh, wait. He's pooping you out. That's gross. Are all the rings going to come out there now? Okay, here we go. Flush and then the rings. This is so disturbing on so many levels. I don't even know what I'm I I don't even know what's happening right now. Well, looks like now you're going to die by windshield wipers and now the faucet. Uh-oh. Are you going to drown? What's going to happen here? Maybe the garbage disposal. Oh, please don't put me in the garbage disposal. Another thing I want to know is how many of these Sonic uh plushies did this person have to use in order to like make this? You know what I mean? Maybe it's just one. And after every scene, she throws it inside of the washing machine and cleans you up. Oh, I get what happened that last one. They were doing dishes and those spoons like make such a mess. They was like saying it was like creating a tsunami. I get it. Oh, okay. That still doesn't make any sense. Oh no. Now this guy's turning up the sauna too high. This is one of my biggest fears, bro. To die by sauna. Like if you got trapped in there and then like it just gets too hot and you just die. had to be the worst. Okay, so you just jumped out of the sauna into the pool and died. So maybe you drowned. Oh no, I died by knives and I don't know what killed me in that last one. The water or the sauna? I'm not 100% sure. You just died by alphabet and lighter. And now you're dying by freeze your door. Man, good thing I'm not using my speed to get out of the way. I'm just letting the door squish me. That's cool. Can I have some ice cream? There's literally thousands of times you could have used your speed to get you out of these sticky situations, but I guess this is what happens when you're a plushy. Oh no, I just got thrown off the thing and hit a wall. Okay, so Catnap's responsible for like 25 of my deaths in this video. Got it. Yeah, this catnap guy isn't very friendly, but one thing he hasn't done is puked any of that red smoke at you yet. Oh, you've played this game before? I forget about that. You've actually played Is this Poppy Playtime? That's right, dude. Didn't you know I'm like a professional gamer? I'm like one of the best gamers ever. I do remember you telling me that you have actually been playing that behind my back. We defin We need to check that out sometime. Okay, now it's going to happen. Everybody's sleeping and then everybody wakes up. So now catnaps. Got it. It's that one meme that they hit them when they wake up. Got it. Okay, I get it. I saw that coming. Okay, now what's going to happen? You're making a drink with an egg. Wait a second. Am I making a bingo smoothie? Oh, no. Don't do it. Oh, that's Oh, now you're going to drink it. You're a cannibal. Ew, dude. That was gross. Okay, I'm going to Don't tell me I'm going to go in there. Don't tell me I'm going to go in that pot. If there's anything I've learned from this video is stay away from the kitchen and stay away from that creepy cat. Clearly. Okay. So, I'm making a bunch of noise with this door and I'm going to make Catnap mad. Got it. Okay. Oh, yeah. Looks like you're making him really, really mad. I wonder how he's going to try to get back at you. Wait, he didn't even do anything. I just died from the door closing on me. Okay. Okay. Now, you've got a pin on top of your head. Okay. So, you're starting to take some steps to protect yourself from that creepy cat. What is this? I I'm just Okay, so I'm getting I don't understand what I just watched. I like got squished by a pan, but I was singing a song, too. Okay, Catnap looks a little weird to me here. I wonder what happened to Catnap. It's like losing his color. Owner of that cat. I I just The look on that cat's face was like, "Bro, I'm not doing this today. Please stop." Okay, so what I'm learning from this video is don't play with knives or water bottles on the couch. or catnap. Apparently, if you have a catnap stuffy, you definitely need to get rid of it 100%. Yep, that catnap stuffy is evil. And now look, they're outside with an evil Among Us. So, these guys are satnap's singing a song and uh and killing us with a toilet paper roll. Okay, cool. Yep. It looks like we like to watch a lot of videos with Sonic on highrises, don't we? I guess so. And also, here's that that uh music again when you get drowned. I cannot stand that music. Did you see that? He just chopped that tomato in half with one slice. And now look at you. You're looking on the ocean. Wait, these guys are on vacation. Maybe they film all these videos while they're on vacation. Wow. I could totally use a vacation right now. And now look, you're swimming. Are you going to catch a wave? That's cool. Oh no. I'm probably going to run into that one hand shark again. I guarantee that's what happens. Or a real shark. You know, either one. Oh no, that's a megalodon. [Applause] Could you imagine if the megalodon were like alive nowadays? They'd pretty much eat everything in the ocean. Guaranteed. You know what's funny? I heard that megalodons like to eat tiny little fish. I mean, everything is smaller than a megalodon. Megalodon could like eat an orca, bro. That's true. I guess like an orca is a tiny fish to a megalodon. Man, that megalodon have got to be one of the coolest like old school like fish there is. Dude, they can eat dinosaurs, too. I mean, they basically were a dinosaur, though. Check it out. Sonic is just sprinting down the street. Oh, now I died. The person let me go and I just died. That was That's really cool, bro. That was so tricky. I thought you were running, but no, you were just sticking your head outside of a car window. And now what are you doing? Texting catnap. Um, that was not the best text ever because apparently it killed me. So, okay. This video is so insane. I have never knew that you could die like at least 80 of these ways. Wait, what? So, the um the the Inside Out 2 character just kissed me and I died. I don't understand. I still don't know what that Inside Out character thing is all about. Be careful. You're playing on top of the stove in the toilet. That's a recipe for disaster. Oh, here we go. Catnap again. Uh oh. Catnab just dropped me off the thing. Okay, that's cool. Yeah, I died from I don't even know what. You died because you fell off of a like 1 and 1/2t fall plastic chair. Everybody knows that bat's deadly. Oh, now I got killed by vacuum. There's no way that killed me. It like sucked my foot up for like a second and then I just died instantly. I don't get it. Now I wonder if you're going to die by getting flushed down the toilet. Uhoh. Don't do it. Oh, that's gross. Okay, so now I'm dead. And now I look at that person over there. They're probably looking at this guy like, "Dude, what's this guy filming? What's going on here?" I don't know, but I sure hope that they filmed that toilet scene at the very end because if they dropped you in the toilet and now they're playing with you again, that is just disgusting. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button and let's watch another video together right over here. Oh, dude, that one's actually one of my favorites. Click that one.