# The MOST Satisfying Sonic and Shadow Magnet Art!!

Today we're going to check out you and me as magnet art. That's something you never really hear in the same sentence, but I guess it could be cool. They going to use those little like ball magnets or something. So, I think it's going to be pretty cool. Well, this should be interesting. Make sure you guys hit that like and subscribe button and let's see how they make us out of magnets. Here we go, dude. Making Sonic versus Shadow, this video is called. I thought this was going to be art. I didn't know that they were actually going to make the magnets move. This is like an animation. Holy smokes. So they doing like stop motion but with these magnet characters. This is amazing. I think you just lost a shoe there and then I saw some somebody grab it. That was strange. This if I didn't know this was not an animation. I I would not be able to tell like what this actually is. If it's like actually animated or not. Well, it looks like you're about to make another one of you. There's going to be two Sonic magnet arts. I think I figured out what I want for my birthday, bro. I'm going to need you to get me some of these 100% for my birthday. I don't know. Magnets can be kind of dangerous. You could pinch your fingers, you know. Are you just Dude, you're being weird. Like, stop. You asked me for the weirdest stuff for your birthday. You need to give me these magnets for mine. Okay, I admit I'm a little jealous. I wish I was a magnet part, too. I think you are going to be a magnet. I'm pretty sure this is just the start of it. I think you're going to get your character here in a second. Oh, good. Because not going to lie, it would probably be pretty boring if it was only you. But now that I see that they're going to probably make me too, I'm excited about it. Did you see how he made that? They like put those like little like sheets of paper or cardboard or something in between. That's amazing. Oh, here we go. Now this animation is starting to get real cool. Shadow. Oh, dude. They're going to show how they're making us. This is so awesome. Like the way how they like set all the characters up is extremely impressive. This is probably one of the more satisfying parts of the whole video is showing them put us together. Look at how we made your like how they're making our quills. How they're making your eyes. Like man, this takes a lot of work. Yeah. And then imagine they have to stop and pose and stop and pose for each one of those animations. This has got to be one of the more impressive channels that we've seen. like to be able to do this like is a whole new skill set that I never knew that people could have. My question is how heavy are those magnet characters? They look like they're a pretty decent size, too. I mean, I played with a couple of those like magnets before, like only like 20 of them. And they're they're pretty cool. Oh, wait. It's over. Let's click the next one. Here we go. Dude, Sonic out of magnet balls. Are you ready for this? Wow. Look, he makes magnets out of everything. Was that Minecraft 2 I saw there? I think so. Wait, hang on. What is this going to be? It's going to be Is that my head or is that my body? I don't know. It looks a little shiny. It's possible that it's maybe Oh, trash can. That's not a trash can. I think that's my body. At least I'm British. Wait, is he That's so cool. Looks like he's using different layers to expose your face. And now he's going to make your nose. That was really cool how he did that. That's like is this that it's the exact same channel? That's cool. They did that. So now that's your body and it looks like he's starting to make your shoes now. I don't think I could actually do this even if I tried. Like this is just so cool. So the other magnets we saw, everybody's bodies were made out of like squares. Now this looks a little bit more round. I wonder if it's a different builder altogether. I mean, maybe maybe they're just showing us like a different way that they can make Sonic characters. I don't know. Oh, look. Is that your tail? I don't think so. I think that's going to be my quills. Oh, yeah. That makes a lot more sense. Look at those. Looks a lot cooler than the other ones that were just kind of bricks. Yeah. This is really cool, man. Like how they're setting everything up and how he uses that like piece of plexiglass to like separate the the magnets. I guess you have to find some way to separate them. Otherwise, they're just going to stick to each other like magnets, you know. Wait, do you see that? He pulled a couple of the things away and made it look like I had a mouth. That was kind of cool. That was pretty cool. Now, what is he making? Oh, no. It is a different builder cuz I think those are girl hands. Oh, you might be right. Oh, no. Now, looks like you're running. That's a pretty cool effect. Okay, that was really, really clever. That's That's really cool how they did that. At first I was like, "What are they doing?" But when he put it down and they started spinning it, then I knew what was going on. Oh, they like set those up to look like rings that can supposed to grab them. That is so awesome. And look, they're using just normal house things to make a map. And that frying pan was meant to be like like the loop-de-loop or something. Hold on. Looks like something bad happened. You've ran into another magnet. I told you magnets were dangerous. I Man, this person has a lot of magnets around their house. That is for sure. This is called Sonic the Hedgehog 2 versus Monster Magnet. This is going to be awesome. Oh, this one's crazy. It's just starting right out of the gates. Oh, no. They're going to show it build it too. Oh, bro. Look at how satisfying that is. I want that many magnets for my for my birthday. I know I said that already, but I'm I'm going to need that. But wasn't it just yesterday that you asked me for like 600 chili dogs for your birthday? Hey man, I burn a lot of calories, okay? It's not like running like that fast. You know, I'm not not putting on weight means I'm running so fast. That's kind of crazy how they have all their magnets set up. They could just pull it like it's yarn that I Dude, I was just going to say that. I was literally just going to say that. It looks like yarn. It's all about efficiency, Sonic. It's all about efficiency. That's what we need to do. We need to create ourselves a magnet business and start sending out magnets all over the place. You know what I mean? Yeah, I don't think I'm down to be in the magnet business. I think I've got other plans. Well, what's your plans? I want to know them. When I think of them, I'll let you know. Look, you're a way thicker Sonic this time. A lot lot taller, too. Maybe like 12 in tall. Well, you know, I haven't actually uh you know, lifting weights a lot, so maybe that's like showing in this magnet animation. Well, something happened. You got struck by lightning and now you turned into like alive or something. This is pretty cool. I like that. Like I wonder if this is actually animated or if it's all stop motion. You know what I mean? Oh, this is definitely stop motion. Do you think so? This looks like it's fully animated. Bro, this is pretty crazy. And there's a lot of special effects in there, too. So, I guess I can't tell. I don't know what I think is more impressive, the last animation we saw by Sasso Studios or this? Cuz this is really cool. I have to say this is probably slightly more impressive. And what happened? Did he just put a ring down there? I think so. That looks kind of like what it was. I'm not sure. You can't help yourself. You had to go collect that ring, didn't you? That's a good point. And there it goes. We're going to throw it. We're going to go teleport. Here we go, baby. Where the heck are you teleporting to, dude? I don't know. looks like a another world or something like that. But either way, this is just such a cool animation. I love this. It almost looks like the intro to Sonic the Hedgehog 1, doesn't it? Where you're running through the mountains. I mean, it kind of does, especially like if it was like all 3D and stuff, you know? Oh, wow. I just teleported through a whole like ice world or whatever. You could be running on the moon. I mean, maybe I am running on the moon. This is like maybe it's Titan, that one planet, you know, that's like part of Saturn or something. Oh wow. Now you're in an area with a whole bunch of mushrooms. This looks like it's some sort of prehistoric place that just happens to have a road going down the middle of it. I mean, that'd be kind of cool when you think about it. Like maybe they had roads back in the day. I don't know about that, but now this is a different guy altogether because his arms are way hairier. I want to What is that? Oh no. But anyways everybody, you guys should all click that like and subscribe button and also click one of the videos that's on the screen right