# Hyper Sonic and Super Eggman TEAM UP To Save The World!!

I'm really excited about this one. We're about to watch a video called Sonic Ball Super. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. All right. And this animation is by Pedro Ario, I believe. Already, I can see everybody's dressed in karate pajamas. Dude, those aren't karate pajamas. Those are ghee. Oh, I don't know. Sometimes I forget things. Dude, there's a lot of stuff happening right now. So, so far we've seen like I think that was like Blaze and me. Look, see I'm my Goku right there. Hey, wait a minute. Did you see that? I'm up on the stage and I'm making the crowd real hyped. This is actually a really good animation. Dude, I am so confused what's actually going on in this animation. Like, there's so like that's Nazo Sonic, I'm pretty sure. But he's dressed up as like Beerus or something like that. Oh, crazy. I just turned into my super form. Oh, and now you're going to try to take on Nazo. So, if Nazo has the same power as Beerus, there's no way that you stand a chance against him. That is totally cap. There's not one thing in this whole universe that stands a chance against me, my super form. No, bro. I'm like dead serious. Like, Beerus is like a god. He's like the He's I think he's the like a destroyer god or something like that. Like Goku has a hard time beating him. Well, I guess now that I'm watching it, the guy does look pretty tough. I'm not sure if I'd really want to mess with him on an empty stomach. I don't know if you'd be able to beat him if you had a full stomach, bro. You know what? You're saying these things out of your mouth, but they're not really making any sense. But I guess I'll take your word for it. Wa! What just happened right there? Um, I think he's like shooting weird blasts at him and so I'm trying to shoot a Kamehameha blast at him. Now you're changing color, too. What's exactly going on? Do you have all your Chaos Emeralds right now? I think so. I got the Chaos Emeralds, but then I turned red, but then I turned yellow again. I don't know. Well, you say this guy's totally unbeatable, but I'm guessing by the end of this whole video that I'm going to watch this guy go down. There's a chance. It's a It's a good thing that Beerus like isn't like a super mean dude because uh he just kind of like set me down right there. So, that was kind of cool. What was Amy holding right there? Oh, here we go. Now it's lunchtime. This is your favorite time, Sonic. This is my favorite time. I'm And I'm pretty mad that you got one uh chili dog, but I only got one also. It's kind of weird. Maybe you can have a bite of mine. Just kidding. Wait a second. Is that Eggman training in the hyperbolic time chamber? That doesn't make any sense. None of this makes any sense to me. I like how uh Knuckles is dressed up as Piccolo. Like that is that's hilarious. Did you see that? I just defeated all those robotics. No problem whatsoever. It is so great that they're like showing you like you're wearing a Vegeta costume when you're literally exactly modeled after Vegeta. I didn't know that. Dude, you are basically definitely Vegeta. Like I'm Goku and you're Vegeta if I've ever, you know, if we're being honest with each other here. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Sonic, this is not for kids. Is it me or did Eggman just take off all of his costume? I mean, he did look like he got like naked there for sure, but I don't think that like that's the case. It looks like he's just like a super version of himself or whatever. Yeah, he should definitely not wear those color combination. It's not flattering on him whatsoever. I don't think it'd be flattering with anybody. Did you see that? I thought thought I saw you get defeated, but you just flew away, so it looks like everything's okay. Here we go. You're going to go Hyper Shadow against him. Okay, so this is going to be pretty cool. Hypershadow is probably one of the best looking hedgehogs in all of every universes. Is you're not wrong. Hypershadow and Hypersonic could almost beat anybody. That's for sure. And also too, I think it's fitting. Look at me. I'm like Fourth of July Hyper Shadow. Yeah, that's right. I see what you did there. I see what you did there. Now this is getting really crazy. What's happening now? So it looks like somebody's reversing time. Was that me or Wait, now Hypersonic is shooting a super blast at both of you. That was weird. Now Amy's in a lab. Oh, wait. Amy's in a lab with Is that Metal Sonic and Silver? What's Hang on. What's happening here? Oh, a Silver's dressed up as Trunks. Got it. Oh, this is getting so crazy. It's all over the place. This animation is insane, dude. Dark Sonic is now fighting Silver, who's basically Trunks, which makes complete sense because Trunks is coming from the future. So, I totally get that. Now, we just gave Amy that ring. And oh, wait. This is Okay, there is just so much going on right now. And did you see that city was burning back there? I love that they're using Dark Sonic as Goku Black. Like, this is actually super cool. I love that they did this. This is awesome. Dark Sonic is just going to come here and ruin everything. I totally know it. I I love the fact that like Dark Sonic is like its own character and like coming back from the future too. Like this is a really cool animation. One thing about Dark Sonic is he definitely goes to the beat of his own drum. It's almost like no rules apply to him whatsoever. Wait a second. So is Mephilis a good guy in this animation? Wait, what? What is happening right now? Everything is twisted. I have no idea. So Mephilis is a good guy in the future, but Okay. So, I'm I'm just confused. Whatever. You know, if you're going back and forth from the future to the past, a lot of things can change. So, maybe something changed back there which reversed how he actually is. Wait, so Goku Black just like spirit sorted both of us at the same time? Wait, hang on. Now he's It's showing us what his plan was the whole time. Got it. What is that ring that they were holding? It looked like it was made of something different. That's true. So, hang on. Is that So, Silver is going super silver but hyper at the same time. This is insane. Everybody is just switching forms all over the place. How can I even keep up? I mean, that's basically how Dragon Ball Z is. Everyone just gets more powerful, the next person gets more powerful, then they get beaten, but then they get more powerful. Just kind of like a, you know, a never- ending cycle. I'm not going to lie, that sounds like a never- ending cycle that can get very very exhausting over time. I mean, it's it's one of the best series ever, but I mean, you know, that's kind of like what we based a lot of our uh you know, stuff off of. So, one thing for sure is nobody's getting cut in half in the Sonic universe. So, this is just a little bit more uh extreme, I should say. I mean, it's true. I mean, Dragon Ball Z definitely uh uh has a lot more, I'd say, older elements than what we usually use. So, that's that's that's definitely a thing. Yeah. And one thing that's pretty cool is all the karate pajamas in Dragon Ball Z are pretty lit. Wait, she just went super? I've never seen her go super before. She just stood there and took a complete like an uh a point blank blast from a Kamehameha from Mia's Hypersonic. Okay, that makes no sense. I'm just going to go ahead and end this whole thing right now. Oh, maybe not. Wait, so we got uh regular Robotnik and then old school Sonic Animation Robotnik. Okay, now we got more than one. This isn't good. Why don't you just go ahead and end this right now, Sonic? I'm going to try, but it looks like Infinite's like, "No, man. I'm good. I'm just going to stop it with one hand." I guess that is pretty insane. Look how angry you're getting. Well, I just don't get like So, is uh is Infinite like he uses the Phantom Ruby and apparently that's stronger than me in my hyperform. That doesn't make any sense either. Like I said, all this travel back and forth from the future, someone's back there changing things. That's probably true. Oh, wait. What just happened? Oh, wait. I'm Wait, do we make another dark Sonic or something like that? What is this? I don't know what's going on over here. How are you teleporting like that? I think I'm Ultra Instinct Sonic right now. Like that's what like pretty much everything goes back to normal, but I have like a a weird uh aura around me. Goku does the same thing. Okay, so you have both Goku and your own powers all combined in one. I think that's what's happening. I like I'm pretty sure. I'm not 100% but that's exactly what it looks like. that just got taken out over the edge over there. Good thing he's got wings cuz he can fly out of it. These guys are bad guys obviously. And I'm getting ready to charge up a Kamehameha. So, I'm just like getting ready to blast them both like right in the face. A Kamehameha blast right to the face. I guess that's enough to wake you up in the morning. I don't know if there'd be much waking up. I think you'd just be pretty much disintegrated right away. Oh, they were wearing Potara earrings. Got it. Okay, now I get it. They were they refused. Oh, and now what's going on over here? Is this naked Robotnik about to I mean naked uh doctor whatever. I can't tell if he's like a real one or if he's in the Goku universe. So Storm, this is Storm. Uh Storm's doing some stuff. And now is he like in super form? I I can't really tell. Yes, there he goes. This is This is where it's getting real good. Oh, dude. You're going to use angry explosion right now. I I think it looks like you're going to use angry explosion. For a second, I thought you were going to use Final Flash, but that was pretty cool. Whatever it was, it definitely worked. Did you see the look on his face as he got tossed over that edge? Oh, look at that. Infinite now is getting a lot stronger. And we just keep on untransforming like every like 10 seconds. Seriously. And I'm getting ketchup all over the place. Oh, look at that. I'm just teleporting. All I had to do is punch him in the stomach and he's like, "Ow, that hurt. Don't do that again." Now you're starting to break up the whole universe. This is one messy fight. Hang on. What was that? Did he shoot a blast from the Phantom Ruby? Look at this. You're like turned into like a glowing version of yourself. This is almost like I'm turning into like ultra sonic. Ultra hypersonic. I think because this is pretty epic. You're like super duper ultra extra extraordinary Sonic. Is that what you're trying to say? That's basically exactly what I'm trying to say. Yes. Ultra super awesomely cool uh Sonic guy. What the skiibbidity in a giant crater that okay took it made a giant crater but it didn't didn't end it. That that doesn't make any sense either. So hang on a second. We're Wait, what? Now robotics on our team? So we're all going to like shoot a blast together to destroy this dude. What's going on? It's one of those situations where the enemy of my enemy is my friend. I mean, if you look at us, I mean, I guess we're the perfect example of that. No cap. I see what you're saying, especially with us making videos like this every day. That's true. You know how hard it was for me for me to get you to like join this channel with me? Man, it took so many cups of coffee. I am not really sure what I just watched, but what I am sure of is the video that's on the screen right now. I really think you guys are going to love that. So, just go ahead and click it. Come on. You know you want to.