# Super Sonic vs EVERY Sonic Form!!

Today we're going to check out supersonic versus every other Sonic form. Whoa, every other Sonic form. Okay, this is going to be an extremely long video. I think it's only going to be like the Super Forms, I'm pretty sure. Let's make sure you guys all smash that like and subscribe button and let's watch Sonic versus all Sonic forms. All right, dude. Here we go. Let's see what Oh, it's just starting like just all out the gate. Okay, cool. Oh, crazy. Eggman is already starting stuff with you. And that didn't take long at all. So, we got Fleetway Supersonic. We got uh that looked like uh like regular Supersonic. We looked like it was like Oh, that's uh like the That's Werehog right there. And then the Excalibur Sonic, too. Whoa. Werehog's even here. Oh, look. Those are some pretty cool shoes I saw right there. So, it's Super Shadow, uh Super Sonic, and Oh my gosh, dude. This is It even has uh It even has Dark Spine Sonic, too. This is crazy. You know, when we started watching this animation, I was like, this is a pretty decent animation, but now it's a very, very, very good animation. I mean, you're only saying that because you saw yourself in this animation, dude. I mean, I think it was pretty cool even before you were in here. You know what I mean? Well, it was cool before, but now that there's Shadow and my other form, then that's what made it topnotch. I mean, I'm not going to lie. It's really cool having you here because, you know, it's just there's just so many forms. Might as well have them all, you know. What form is that that you have purple hair? Uh, hang on. Which one? Which one are you talking about? I I Well, that right there, that's Dark Spine Sonic, and that's Excalibur Sonic. But like, uh, I don't know what the other ones are. Okay, Hyper. I'm going to go hyper right now. Cool. Oh, this is all over the place. I can't even figure out what to look at. Look at this. Hypersonic versus the Werehog. I don't even think that's even a fight. Werehog? I didn't know it was Halloween already. Oh, here we go. Here we go. Looks like you're taking off your uh your inhibitor rings. So, you're going to fight me at full power. This one's called Supersonic Ashura versus Nazo Unleashed. Ouch. That looked like it hurt. You just got punched right into that waterfall. Oh, dude. Am I like walking out? Oh, hang on. Hang on. I'm Why do I have a little bit of black on my face? That's weird. It looked like you got some of that green algae from the waterfall all over you. Dude, this is crazy. This animation's really fun. Yeah, this is pretty entertaining. I'm not going to lie. And now look. Oh, you're getting away. No, you're not. So, Nazo Sonic gets like fire powers, too. There's no way that this Sonic is going to win. Check it out. You're destroying the whole map. You guys are going to make a huge mess. Dude, check it out. We're like flying around and like causing tornadoes and stuff. Okay, this is pretty cool. Something tells me that this isn't going to end well. I guess we're just going to have to wait and see. Oh, bro. Hang on. Now we're fighting in the water where those like chomper bad nicks are. Okay. Yeah, those things are annoying. I don't know if I like those at all. Those bad nicks. What? I mean, you never did, man. I remember you always hated those things. Okay, now it's happening. I don't I need to know what's going on here. Can you explain this to me? Okay, so now it's like full-blown like Nazo unleashed. Like this is this is really really cool. It's like I'm shooting Kamehameha blast right at your face. Wow, you just turned him into a ring. And apparently a couple more bad nicks or whatever. Like those like those badicks can even touch. Nazo, I'm just saying. And now what are you gonna do with all those Chaos Emeralds? I I don't know. Like this is just this animation is all over the place, bro. Pretty cool. Yeah, this is pretty insane, I must say. Look at that. Wow. Oh, that was kind of cool. I saw the death egg up there. Like, that's a little bit of a detail that they didn't have to add, but they did. That's pretty cool. Now you guys are literally out of this world. And now, are you on the Death Egg? It looks like we're on the Death Egg, but it's like halfway. So, it's like regular Death Egg and like half Death Egg, right there. Oh, here we go. This one is called Sonic X Shadow Mania. Dude, this is going to be awesome. This is literally the one we've all been waiting for. Check it out. This is amazing. What do you mean all been waiting for? I think the other ones we were all waiting for. And this just starts with you. Oh, no. Dr. Eggman's egg machine thingies are here. And wow, look at R. She's looking pretty good today. Doesn't mean you're going to be dangerous, bro. What are you talking about, dude? I was just talking about how cool this animation was and that she was looking a little nice today. I don't think you got the RZ to get Rouge, dude. I'm sorry. I don't know what you're talking about, Sonic. Everybody knows that I have plenty of brriz. Bro, you got zero zero RZ. You didn't even know what RZ was until like a couple of weeks ago. I seriously don't know what you're talking about, but this animation is fire. I mean, this animation's just all you guys. I mean, what's going to happen? It's just Sonic X Shadow Mania. So, where am I at? Looks like you're taking the back seat on this one. That's why this animation is probably one of the best animations I've ever seen. I mean, it's not bad. Like, don't get me wrong, but I'm just curious. Like, you guys are just going through just destroying stuff or what? Yeah, sometimes we just like to make Dr. Eggman a little angry. And he's inside of another death egg that looks exactly like himself. Whoa, did he just blow up Rouge? Never mind. She's right there. Yeah, I don't think he blew her up. by this think that he's And here's one thing I've always wondered is why did Eggman make robots that look exactly like himself. You want to talk about someone who's full of himself, it's definitely Eggman. You know what? That's true. This guy does like to look at himself. He probably has mirrors all over his layer. Really getting tired. I mean, probably. He's probably that one guy at the gym if he did work out. He'd be like that one guy at the gym that just stares at himself the entire time in the mirror. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. I guess it's probably hard not to state yourself when you're that round. That was a pretty good one, man. Okay, now what happened? I think that's Chemical Plant. I'm pretty sure. Oh, yeah. We're definitely in Chemical Plant now. And now we're Nope. There's Eggman. I thought he disappeared. Nope. Oh, wait. Is that Hang on. That was like an old school game for Sega. Like right there. Like the whole globs and stuff look like Tetris. Oh, yeah. That's a throwback for sure. Now Eggman's really mad. What did I say to him? I don't remember who. Uh, it says you said you don't remember or whatever. Cuz apparently your memory is absolutely terrible all the time. Wait, what did you say? I'm sorry. I can't remember. Oh, check it out. Eggman just crashed. I don't know why this animation is called Sonic X Shadow Mania because I literally have not been in here one single time. You know what I mean? Yeah, this was probably one of the best animations ever. What do you guys think? Make sure you guys comment down below. This is not the best animation. I mean, don't get me wrong, it's really good. I'm just saying I don't think it's the best one that we've seen, though. Hold up. This is the part where I defeat Eggman for good. Did Eggman seriously just use Chaos Control by himself? Okay, that was a little bit over the top. Yeah, that was a little unexpected. And now it looks like we just got blasted in the future or something. Yeah. And I think you guys just hit a spring. That's why you're doing that weird twisty thing right there. That must have been one heck of a spring because we're still going up. So, you're going to fight Metal Sonic with Rouge even though Metal Did he just save all of those uh animals or what? Did he or did me? I think it was me that saved all those animals. Oh, yeah. Looks we're like we're about to race. I mean, I guess we're about to find out. I'm pretty sure that you'd be able to beat Metal Sonic. I mean, in a race. That's just That's just me, though. Metal Sonic has one speed and it's fast, but it's not that fast. My skates, I could take them out no problem. I mean, especially since you can use Chaos Control and you can teleport and stuff. I mean, I don't think Metal Sonic's going to be catching you anytime soon. It's true. I could just go all the way to the end, but I like to make sure I have a little challenge to keep that edge. You know what I mean? I mean, I guess that makes sense. Oh, look. You just used Chaos Control. There we go. That's pretty cool. And look, it's almost over. Is this the end? Oh, of course there's Eggman trying to ruin everything. Oh, here we go. He's going to make uh Metal Sonic even more powerful. Is that Metal Overlord or? I think it is. Oh my gosh, look how big he is. He's about to crush me with Eggman. No, I think you're going to be fine. I wonder if you're actually going to go super in this animation. That would be crazy. But I don't think it's necessary. I could defeat them just like this. I mean, we'll see cuz I mean, Metal Sonic just used Chaos Control right there and stopped you and apparently obliterated you. Dude, I'm fine. Oh, no. You just used Chaos Blast right there and totally killed him in one move. That's crazy. I told you it wouldn't take much to defeat these two. Everybody watching this video right now, make sure you guys click one of the videos that's on the screen right now because you know what? It's actually one of my favorites.