# Super Sonic.EXE VS Dark Sonic!!

day. It's time to check out Dark Sonic versus Sonic .exe. Well, my money's on Dark Sonic because I can't stand .exe. Just wait, bro, because this animation gets insane. Well, before we get started, how about everybody watching this video hits that like and subscribe button, and let's check out Dark Sonic fight Sonic .exe. I am stoked for this one, dude. I hear really good things about this animation. I'm just going to say what I said last time. I don't know what Tails is doing in an animation with Sonic .exe or Dark Sonic because he'd get dominated like 100%. what I wish. Well, you never know. Maybe he's just here for like boral support or something. I don't know. Okay, so you guys are throwing a ring to like go somewhere except for the fact that the skies are red and this looks a lot like Green Hill. I think this is Green Hill, but I think it's like a dark version of Green Hill or something like that. Oh, I get it. This is probably Sonic Exe's like world or something and you guys just like stumbled upon it or whatever. You know what? After you saying that, I think that makes a lot more sense. Um, apparently everybody's dead. Hang on. Was that me? No way did I see us to get killed. Bro, is Amy tied up on that totem right there? What is about to happen now? I have no idea, dude. But Amy just told you to run, so you know that something is about to go down. Hang on. Tails is floating. Oh, wait a second. No, he's not. He's being held by Sonic exe. I didn't know that Sonic exe was able to turn invisible. That's kind of an OP power in my opinion. Oh, for sure, dude. I'm just concerned what he's about to do to Tails because uh this is not going to end well. I can feel it. So nice. Oh my gosh. Did he seriously just break Tails's neck? That is absolutely insane. I was not expecting that at all. Yeah, dude. Neither was I. What did we just witness, dude? Are you kidding me right now? Yeah, and you are obviously not taking this very well, dude. That's for sure. And wait a second. You just conjured up a bunch of Chaos Emeralds. Yeah, I guess so. I'm just going to put it out there. I think it's pretty lucky that you already had all seven Chaos Emeralds so you could transform into Dark Sonic like that. I mean, maybe there was more to the animation. Like, maybe there was an episode before this or something where I gathered all seven and I just had them already. I mean, yeah, I guess that's a possibility, but are we seriously not going to talk about how epic this animation is? I mean, this is so good. It's like something I would watch on Netflix or something. I'm just going to say it. If there was a series like this on Netflix, I would never miss an episode. No kidding, cuz watching his fight like reminds me totally of watching an episode of Dragon Ball Z. And I know that Dark Sonic is just an evil version of me basically, but I really hope that I absolutely cook Sonic .exe for doing that to Tails. I mean, I don't know if you have to like hope for anything because it looks like that's definitely what's happening here. I mean, Sonic Exe hasn't had like a bit of offense in the last like 30 seconds, bro. Wait, what just happened? Did I seriously just break Sonic Exe's neck? You have got to be kidding me. I cannot believe we just saw that. Yeah, I'm in shock just like you. Oh, wait, never mind. Sonic exe still alive apparently. Wait a second. I didn't know that he could do that. Yeah, Sonic exe going super is not something I had on my bingo card today. That is for sure. I'm just curious how Sonic Exe was able to go super without using the Chaos Emeralds, cuz I don't think I've ever been able to do that before. I mean, technically, he's not a cannon character, so maybe he works outside of like the normal cannon, so he could go super without Chaos Emeralds. I don't know. I'm just throwing out ideas. Do you have any idea how OP that would be? I mean, in certain situations, I've been able to use Chaos powers without actually holding a Chaos Emerald. So, maybe it's sort of something like that. I'm actually really concerned what he's going to do to Amy now that Dark Sonic is out for the count because it's not going to be good. Wait a second. What's going on now? Dark Sonic's not out for the count and apparently he's like taking power from Sonic exe or something. Oh, that's actually really clever because Dark Sonic is made up entirely of dark energy. He's able to take all of it from Sonic Exe because he's only negative energy. Not going to lie, I did not see this one coming at all. I'll be back sooner or later to finish what I started. Yeah, I don't think you're going to be coming back from anything, dude. Yeah, because Dark Sonic just took all of your power. So, I don't think you got anything left to do anything to Dark Sonic at this point. And I don't think it's a really good idea to be taunting the hedgehog that just stole all of your power because he could just destroy you in one blast. I know, right? Sonic. Wait a second. Are you serious? Did he really just rip off Sonic exe's head? I'm just going to come out and say it. This is probably one of the greatest animations that we have ever seen. That was so peak it's not even funny. So, I got a question. Is this the Amy from the Sonic EXE dimension or is this the Amy from the regular dimension? Because if not, is everybody still dead? I'm just curious. Amy just said something about the Dragon Balls. Could you imagine us having the Dragon Balls and the Chaos Emeralds? I bet you Eggman has thought of that once or twice. That's for sure. Wait, did we just transition to another animation with Sonic EXE in it? Um, yeah, it definitely looks that way, doesn't it? And this one's a sprite animation. I absolutely love sprite animations. These are so cool. I'm just curious how I keep entering Sonic EXE's dimension in the first place. Yeah, that's a good point. But it looks like you're just going to go dark Sonic right off the bat. Like, you don't even need me Chaos Emeralds or anything. So, that's pretty cool. Wait, did he just say something about Tails and me only transforming into my semi dark mode? because that would imply that he killed Tails in this animation as well. I mean, whatever it is, I don't think it matters because Dark Sonic is absolutely cooking .exe right now. Like, you are seriously 10 times faster than him, it looks like. I mean, if he did kill Tails in this animation, I mean, this is kind of what he deserves. You know what I mean? No, I definitely know what you mean, dude. And let's see here. Uh, looks like Exe is teleporting or doing something. Not really sure, but these images are probably going to haunt my nightmares forever. Yeah, what in the world was that? It like took me out of my dark form and just brought me back to my normal form. What's going on here? I have no idea, but it looks like you're going to go back into your dark form again, but this time you're using the Chaos Emeralds. Oh, I get it. The first time I transformed was only my semi dark mode like he was saying. Now, this is like full-blown dark mode, so I'm probably going to be able to cook him 10 times faster than I did even in the last one. There is no way that Sonic exe is that stupid to let you get even more powerful so you can beat him even worse than you did before. I don't know, man. It looks exactly like that's what's happening right now. Like, it's wild. Sonic EXE hasn't had like a bit of offense in this entire video. What is this cool ability? It's like a dark version of the Kamehameha. This is awesome. He like caught it and then I shot him with another one. I know. I'm like in awe right now. I think the first animation was really cool, but this one is just as cool, if not cooler. I mean, in my personal opinion, because it's a sprite animation, I actually kind of prefer this one over the other one, but that's just me. Wait, what ability was that? He stopped time and then took the Chaos Emeralds from Dark Sonic. I did not see that one coming. Is this where we start seeing Dark Sonic get cooked because now Sonic exe is going to become Super Sonic .exe or whatever? I have no idea, but it looks like Dark Sonic is still staying in the same form that he was even though he lost all the Chaos Emeralds. So, I still think Dark Sonic is going to be more powerful than Sonic Exe. I don't know, man. It's tough to say because it looks like Sonic Exe is like dominating Dark Sonic right now, but who knows? I guess it's anybody's fight. What are you talking about? Sonic Exe is not dominating anybody. Look at this. Dark Sonic is still faster than him even though he doesn't have the Chaos Emeralds. This needs to be a series on YouTube or Netflix also because if it was, I'm pretty sure I would never leave my house. Don't worry, bro. I would bring the popcorn, the ice cream, and the Mikees. You would bring Mike? Dude, there are so many better candies than Mike. Are you kidding me, dude? Mike and I are seriously one of the best candies out there. 100%. Okay, everybody watching this video, what is your favorite candy right now? I mean, me personally, I would probably go with a Twix or possibly a Snickers, but definitely not Mike. Bro, you have no idea what you're talking about. My connects are delicious and everybody knows it. Wait, hang on. Is he absorbing all the power from the Master Emerald as well? So, Sonic Exe is going to have the Chaos Emerald's power and the Master Emerald's power all at once. Yeah, judging by the look at Dark Sonic's face, I don't think he's going to let that happen. Yep, you are 100% right. He just kicked him out of there. So, he just absorbed all the Chaos Emeralds energy and the Master Emerald's energy. Oh my gosh, dude. This is going to be insane. If I was Sonic exe right now, I would just nope out of there completely. Leave the planet, go somewhere else because there is not a chance in the world. Dude, dark hypersonic. I didn't even know that was a form that you could transform into. Yeah, there's no way that exe is getting out of this alive. To be honest, I don't know which animation I like better, the first one or this one. Yeah, you're totally right, dude. I'm having a hard time deciding, too. Dude, look at this. He is absolutely getting cooked right now. And hang on, I just went so fast that I shot like a super beam and then also punched him in the stomach at the exact same time. It doesn't look like Dark Sonic is having that at all. Nope. Nope. He's not going to let that happen. So, he's becoming Super Ultimate Hyper Dark Sonic, I guess. And completely deleting Sonic exe from existence. Wow, that was insane, bro. Well everybody, if you guys enjoyed that video, then make sure you guys click one of the videos that's on the screen right now because it's one of my favorites and I'm telling you, you guys are really going to like it. One of your favorites? I'm pretty sure that's one of my favorites.