# Shin Sonic Is Sleeping??

Today it's time to check out the death of Shin Sonic. This is going to be crazy. Whoa. Is it Shins Sonic or is it you? Because I'm looking at a coffin and it looks like you're sitting in it. I don't know. It says RIP Shin Sonic. So, I guess we'll have to see what happens. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. Here we go. Let's see what happens. Oh, yeah. You're right. I am inside of a coffin. That's kind of weird. Sonic. And it looks like everybody's stad except for me. Also, big shout out to Hornstrom FNF3D for making this animation cuz this looks really, really cool so far. Oh, seriously, this looks like one of the best ones I've ever seen. And look at Knuckles. He's so sad. I wonder why this is called uh RIP Shin Sonic cuz I'm pretty sure that looks like me, not Shin Sonic. It looks like Knuckles is going through all the memories in his head of you guys enjoying each other's time. Yeah, that's a really good point. Like, I'm just trying to figure it out myself. Like, we got Amy there. We have everyone just reminiscing about the old times. Okay. Yeah. And Amy Rose is probably the most sad out of all of them, except for now that she sees Dr. Eggman with a whole bunch of stuff. That's a good point. I I don't think I've ever seen Dr. Eggman number one with I don't know what those those uh dice are doing floating there, but I've never seen him fly an alien spaceship. You know what I mean? Yeah, but don't worry. You took it out. It didn't last very long. That's true. And then now she's remembering about the time she was saved by uh by Sonic. And there's you creeping being behind this thing. And you're Yeah, Quill just went through that wall right there. Yeah, it looks like I'm battling my inner demons. I'm like, hey, do I be sad about this or should I be happy that now I'm the star of the show. Okay, we just went super right there without using Chaos Emeralds. All right, I'd love to know how to do that. And Shin Sonic is very big. And it looks like I'm going to turn into my super form and just handle this. Did Shin Sonic seriously just slap you away as Super Shadow? Okay, I'm sorry. There's no possible way that's going to happen. Took a part of me with you, buddy. And I just went right through him and ended the whole thing. Okay, so wait, is that was that me turning into Shin Sonic and then you just killed me? I don't understand. Oh, looks like you're alive and I finally broke down just in time for you to catch me crying. Okay, dude. I knew you were a softy. I guarantee you if I die, you'd be super upset, bro. Yeah, probably not. But it looks like Knuckles just got taken out by Shin Tales. The most terrifying Shintails I have ever seen in my life. Not just Shin Tails, but creatures in general, bro. Yep. And it looks like Shin Sonic now has all the Chaos Emeralds, which just turned into a big blue emerald. And he was going to eat the whole thing. Okay. But then uh Knuckles decided to save it and the Master Emerald is a different color now, which is just weird. Okay, so now what happens if Tails has the Master Emerald? Will he Oh no, wait. What's happening to Knuckles right now? Oh wait, he's becoming Shin Knuckles, dude. So I get it because Shin Sonic like infected all the Chaos Emeralds. Whoever touches it also becomes a Shin character. And it looks like Shin Knuckles just ate Tails. And now you guys are bumping heads to each other. Oh no, you're biting him. Ouch. Yeah, that's kind of strange. Oh, he's biting his butt. Hang on. Or that is that me? I want to say him, but I think that's me that transform. Either way, I wouldn't bite anybody's butt. Yeah, don't be a butt biter, dude. Nobody likes a butt biter. That is a good point. I just Dude, look at how weird this is. Like, what is happening right now? I'm pretty sure it is Knuckles. Now, are Shin Sonic and Shin Knuckles always this big? Or is it just this animation? I think they're always this big. I'm pretty sure. And wait, so Knuckles was just letting Shin Sonic bite him in the neck, but then he's like, "Okay, no, I'm just kidding. I don't want you to do that anymore." Yeah, that's true. And I think I saw a McDonald's in the background there, which is kind of good because all this fighting is probably going to make us hungry. Please don't do it. I don't think the Chin Sonic is going to eat McDonald's, bro. Like, I don't think that's going to be a thing. Oh, really? I'm pretty sure that they uh Everybody likes McDonald's French fries. Oh, no. What just happened? Knuckles just smashed the Master Emerald. And now what's going to happen? Where am I? Hang on. He just broke the Master Emerald, so it turned um turned us into like regular Sonic characters again. Is this okay? I'm okay with this. Okay. I had no idea that the Master Emerald was the one that was responsible for making everybody into Shin Sonic, Cintails, and Sin Knuckles, Shin Knuckles, whatever. Wait, hang on. Did we just change animations? What just happened? So Shin Sonic's like a just ate his teacher and now he's a person in a class with this catnap character. Yeah. So now that there's no reason for them to fight outdoors, he's like, "Hey, I'm just going to go to the classroom and start being mean to all these little children toy things." Any problems, young lady? And why would you think that Catnap knows where the seven Chaos Emeralds are? That doesn't make any sense at all. He would have no clue where that is. Well, Catnap is pretty uh involved in a lot of things, so maybe he's like, "Hey, you probably know who's got beat." And now I'm not sure which character this is, but looks like they're making rings into carbon. Okay, so he's trying to get her to like create a uh create a Chaos Emerald. And hang on. This is another Is this a character from uh Poppy Playtime also? Yeah, that's Dog Day. And then now we got Rainbow Friends and Ban Ban over here. There's a lot of different characters here. What is this, bro? Hang on. What's that big blue guy with the crown on his head? I think I've seen that guy before. Oh no. Now things are going weird. There's a whole bunch of Shin Tails everywhere. Multiple ones. And apparently Shin Sonic is like saving the whole classroom and beating up these Shin Tails. I don't know which one I'd rather see. all the shin tails or shin Sonic cuz that's just spooky, bro. You know what's spooky is that everybody in this classroom is just like okay with it. They're like, "Yeah, this is totally normal." I don't know. It looks like they're pretty spooked out from uh Shin Sonic. Like, I just ate those four tails. So, I don't think anybody in this classroom really wants to be in this Shin Sonic classroom. I love that Blue is just got that saliva sticking out of his mouth and it's like not going anywhere. I'm sorry. I would love to go to a school that has a playground in the background. Do you see that right there? Like there's a full-blown playground behind him. That looks so much fun. If that was my classroom, I'd probably never get any work done because I would be playing on the jungle gym the whole time. What the ski is going on here? I just became a ski toilet and then Shin Sonic ate me. Like, what is this, bro? Yeah, this is a little strange, but hey, I guess this is uh what happens at school on a normal day. Shin Sonic eats the teacher and then he's just going to eat everybody else in this classroom. This is crazy. Yeah, except for Jumbo Josh. He's a little too big to eat. But what's up with that bone right there? Beautiful. I have no idea. But these guys are like trying to flirt when there's like people dying right behind them. Like that just kind of says a lot about their character, you know? It kind of does say like what they're all about. But they're like, "No, we don't care about anything else but ourselves." I don't know how he's able to hold stuff. Like I never mind. I guess Jumble Josh holds things kind of like Knuckles does. Like just barely, you know? Yeah. Well, he does have an opposable thumb, which does make it kind of easier. Okay, that might be one of the scariest things I've ever seen, too. Um I I don't know. I'm so incredibly disturbed that now there's a Shin Sonic girl. Like, that's just that is creepy, dude. Interesting. At least it's not a Shin Amy because that would probably be very very annoying. I'm pretty sure that's who it really is. Honestly, it just doesn't obviously look like Amy because, you know, it's a Shin version. But still, it's pretty creepy looking. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What kind of teacher jumps into the classroom and starts threatening the students to fight? This is not a normal classroom. I'm sorry, but Jumbo Josh is bigger than Shin Sonic. I think that Jumbo Josh would be able to beat up Shin Sonic if he just punched him in the face, you know. And who is that character? It's like a female catnap dog day. I don't know what that is. Is it like a new character? I don't know about I mean maybe. I mean, she had a looks like she had a cape on. And wait, hang on. Shin Sonic's growing now because he just got that black stuff in his eyes. He did kind of look small for a Shin Sonic. And now they called the uh the military to come down and take out Shen Sonic because he was too busy eating a bunch of people at school. I don't know who's in charge of the military, but it seems like every time you got a giant monster, you send out helicopters and it definitely doesn't work. This is definitely like a like what do you call it? A uh like a villain town or like a spooky town because everyone that lives here is like from some sort of horror game. You know what I mean? Yeah, this is very true. But I would not want to live in this city because some monster can just pick up your building and throw it at somebody. I mean, literally like what are those like those people probably just, you know, hanging out in there. They're like, "Oh, by the way, oh, just another old day. We get picked up by a monster. It's fine." If that happened to me, I would hope that I'm not on the toilet because I don't want my apartment getting ripped out of the ground while I'm taking a giant fat poop. That's I I mean honestly, bro, that's got to be one of the least worries that I would have because, you know, the whole city is exploding in, you know, fire everywhere and you're concerned about you taking a poop. That doesn't That's Go figure. And wait, who's throwing hatchets now? I don't know who this character is. Everybody in the comment section, you got to help me out. I don't know who this is or this other character is. So, it looks like they have two forearms. I guess that could come in handy every now and then, but this person only has one eye, which is definitely not good. Wait, is that that one band guy? Why does he have like Hang on. Is that supposed to be like a beard or what is that stuff? Yeah, I forget his name, but it's definitely some sort of golden beard. I think he's like older than everybody. Okay, I'm I'm confused. Is this the same animation or is this a new animation? Cuz now there's an anteater that goes to school here. And the band guys are going to school here, too. Yeah, whatever it is, it looks like the teacher is starting to hand out some pretty gnarly tests there. So, it looks like everybody hopefully study. Is that a protractor or what is that thing called? a protractor. I I Oh gosh, I forget. But yeah, the thing that makes circles is what you're talking about. Yeah, I don't think I've ever seen that anter from something. Is he from another horror game or is he from the band games or what's he from? I don't know. He's from somewhere, but I forget. Maybe Ban Ban. I can't remember at this point. There's just so many different monsters, bro. This animation is really, really cool, though. Like, it's just kind of all over the place. You know what I mean? Yep. And one thing's for sure is you're not supposed to have phones inside the classroom. So it looks like Bamb Ban is about to get grounded or expelled or something. I've got a question. Is does Catnav normally have that cape on or is that just something that this animator decided to put in this video? Yeah. No, he definitely doesn't wear a cape. I'm pretty sure he's trying to make everybody superheroes here. Got it. Okay, so the cape is not something he normally wears. I was curious cuz I was like that'd be uh that'd be definitely a a design choice. That's for sure. You know, I'm not a big fan of capes, but I could see how they look cool here and there. I've said this before. I would love it if Mike like my super form like gave me like a cape. I don't care if it's like a light cape or like a regular cape, but I think it'd be cool to have one. I mean, if you think about it, we're we're coming from like the Dragon Ball Z universe in reality. So, it's like that that would really make us different. We'd have a cool cape. And plus, capes are cool. What? What are you doing? Yeah, now I'm wondering when is lunchtime because it seems like everybody's been working hard for a long time. My favorite part of school is either nutrition break, lunch, or recess. What kind of a break is that? I don't think I've ever heard of nutrition break before. That's weird. That's the break where you can eat some healthy stuff so that way you can defeat, you know, different bad guys. I don't think we were worried about defeating bad guys back in the day when we were just learning how to like do it like simple addition, dude. Yeah, it looks like everybody is doing mathematics. Mathematics is probably my least favorite subject in school. Sometimes I just don't feel like counting. That's actually very accurate to how you are nowadays. I can definitely see you as a person who did not like mathematics, dude. Playground in the back of the school is super distracting. I don't see how anybody gets any work done. Did that teacher just tackle her own student? Look at that. And not I I also just noticed that her head is floating off of her body right there. Check it out. Yeah, this girl definitely has no neck, which means that she probably can't swallow what's about to happen next. Oh, I see what you did there. Very clever. And looks like that Bamban character is taking pictures in school. That's not allowed either. But he definitely can count to three if you help me. Did he just call him Schlommo? Is that what that guy's name is? Schlommo. That's got to be one of the weirdest names I've ever heard. That's kind of interesting. And hang on. What is he What's he counting to three for? What's the point in here? I don't know. But do you see the playground outside? It's all tagged up. Pretty cool. I don't know what I'd rather have, the playground outside or the playground inside. Like, this is pretty cool. Like, do they just take a little break and go run around the uh the play place back there? Cuz that'd be one heck of a break. Yeah, it when they're not taking breaks, it looks like this teacher is just tossing everybody through the windows. Yeah. Must be a test day. High stressful situation. Wait a second. Yeah. I don't know, man. I think if I was like going ready to get into this class or at least one of the classes, I would pretty much uh have to petition to not be in this classroom. I'd ask my Yeah, there'd be no way. One thing's for sure is in the middle of summer, I don't want to know anything about classrooms. But hey, we're not, you know, the ones that made this animation. So, she's going to throw what is that character's name again? I forget. But she's going to throw him out the window again just because she feels like it. Yeah, that was the jester. His name is Giggles. And he probably was telling too many jokes trying to be the class clown. You deserve it. Okay, so Giggles is the name of a jester. You know what? I actually got to say that's pretty clever cuz if you had a jester named Giggles, that that just makes sense. Yeah, it seems like all the band characters are pretty obvious. Like Josh, he's large, so his name is Jumbo. Oh, I see what they do. They just go with like the J and the Jumbo and Josh. Okay, that's actually pretty good. One character I don't see is Toadster, which is fine cuz he's probably my least favorite character. Toadster? Like, is that Let Let me guess. Let me guess. Toadster is also a Toad. Is that right? Wow, Sonic, I had no idea you were so smart. Hey, man. I don't know. I just, you know, I figured I just put two and two together. Toad. Toaster. So, it must be like a frog or whatever. Makes sense, right? One thing's for sure is this teacher has anger issues. Oh, no. It's What's his name? Oh, Freddy Barney. I can't remember what the name of this guy's prison is. Are you Oh, yeah. That's a Roblox game. I remember seeing that. Uh, what is that? Baron. Uh, B. Yeah, I definitely starts with a B, that's for sure. Make sure you click one of the videos that's on the screen right now. I don't know if it's as crazy as this one, but you guys have got to click