# Sonic and Shadow Vs Metallix!!

All right, Shadow. Today we're going to check out You and Me versus Metallics. He would definitely stand no chance against us. I cannot wait to see this one, dude. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. Big shout out to Monkey Boy for this one. Oh, I really dig sprite animations. Oh, wow. We're really getting off to a fast start, aren't we? You and me are fighting each other. This is super cool. I think we're probably doing some training, some practicing. I love that you're shooting this because it's like seriously like it's you and me uh fighting like Goku and uh and uh Vegeta are and this animation is just out of control. Hold up. Wait a second. Looks like we've got a visitor. Oh, did I see him? Did Did someone drop down? Here he comes. Looks like it's Metallics. Okay, so you and me are just sparring and now we want to fight Metallics. Okay, this is cool. Yeah, we were just like totally training, having fun, and then out of nowhere he comes and tries to just totally jump us. What the heck was that? I'm saying. Well, that looks like a big cloud. And there he is. Metallics. Isn't Metallics just Metal Sonic? I believe he's just Metal Sonic from the Fleetway comics. Kind of like me as Fleetway Supersonic inside those comics, too. Oh, yeah. I get it. Look at him. He looks pretty cool. A little bit more evil than usual. I kind of like the Metallics look more than Metal Sonic because he just looks a little more buffer. Almost like he took steroids. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know exactly what you're saying. This looks so cool because it really has that old school video game element to it. I really like these sprite animations. Oh, dude. Monkey Boy really took it to the next level because I feel like he added a lot more effects in this one, too. Like, this is not just a sprite animation. This is like super good. It's like a sprite animation, but it's also 3D. And then you have all these other special effects. This is probably one of the better videos I've seen recently. I know. Well, I would love to know how long it took him to make this because this is this is super cool, man. Obviously, it took him a long time because it's really good. Oh, check it out. There's no way that this guy's going to stand a chance against us. Oh, do I? Okay, so I'm I'm just going to spin dash him over and over again. Okay, I'm ready for this. All right, where did Shadow go? I I don't see myself anywhere. I must be getting ready to hit him with something pretty hard. Well, I'm just I apparently he caught me at a spin dash, so I I wonder when you and I are both going to go super, cuz you know that's coming. All right, here we go. I think I just tried to hit him with a chaos blast, but it didn't work. Wow, that was amazing. Do you see that? He's like, "No, I'm sorry. That's not going to work, bro. I'm just going to slam you into the ground." Yeah, it's it's wo He like turned into little blades while he is spinning. He looks really dangerous when he's doing a spin dash. Yeah, it looked like he like turned into a saw blade. I mean, obviously it's like we kind of look like uh saw blades, too, but like there's blades sticking out of his back. That was really awesome. I think I should just use my chaos control and stop time and take him out. No problem at all. I I wonder why you don't just start with that at the at the beginning of every battle cuz I feel like we just end it right away. Well, you see, that would just be too easy. And then what would we do all day? We got to give ourselves a little challenge here and there. That's why I don't do it right away. Yeah, I suppose that's true. Oh, dude, check out how fast I'm going. I like that they gave me like the electric uh like the what do they call it? The electric state from the movies. That was pretty cool. That is pretty cool. And then while you got him distracted there, I'm just I'm just going to take him out. Oh, wait. No, he's got my arm. He just punched me through the universe. That was crazy. It looked like he grabbed your hand and broke it. He's doing the exact same thing to you now, except that he grabbed you by your foot. That's true. I was thinking Sonic Movie 2, but it's really Sonic Movie 3 when he tried to punch you and then you grabbed him and broke his hand or whatever. That was basically the same thing. I love it. Look, we're causing so much damage to this map. There's like a crater everywhere that we get in fights. He grabbed both of us by the head and smashed us together. Dude, are we really having this much of a of trouble fighting him right now? This is nuts. All right, I think things are about to get ugly. Oh, wait. He's got two rockets attached to his back. And you just took that head on. That was amazing. I'm pretty sure we just teleported to a different place. Oh, maybe not. Oh, here we go. You're going to go full-blown dark shadow right now. This is awesome. I love they're doing this. Oh, here we go. There's no way he can take us out when I'm in my dark form because I'm pretty much invis invincible. Oh, and Oh, sweet. Check this out. I'm going to use like the electric. Oh, and they also did the same thing from uh Sonic Adventure 1 and 2. That's so awesome. Wow, this is going so crazy. I can't even keep up. Now, what happened? Oh, I think this the electric charge form. Is that like Hang on. Did I just go like dark Sonic? Hang on. Like electric charge. Dark Sonic right there. That was pretty cool. We got dark shadow and dark electric Sonic. There's no way that Metallics is even standing a chance against us. You know, the funny thing about Metal Sonic is we haven't really seen this in a long time, but like Metal Sonic has the ability to pretty much copy whatever his opponent does. So, in theory, Metal Sonic could just copy both of our powers and be stronger than us. What you're saying is everything we're doing, he's matching it. And so, there's just the more powerful we get, the more powerful he gets. I mean, kind of. I just want to know what that form was. I'm not 100% sure what it was, but Oh, wait. We just beat him up bad. Yeah, take that, bro. That did a number on him. Stop losing focus. It's not over yet. Interesting technique. So, he's just not having it, I guess. There. Oh, there he goes. See, he's copying us now. Hopefully, we don't turn into our super forms because I don't want to see his super metallics. Oh, he just took So, he took your dark mode and my uh dark sonic mode or whatever. And now he's Okay, now there's no way we can beat him unless we go super. Yeah, it looks like we're going to have to grab all the Chaos Emeralds and then go super and take this guy out. Holy smokes, man. Could you imagine fighting somebody that took both of those superpowers? That'd be wild. Yeah, it's sort of not fair. It'd almost be easier if we fought him one-on-one. But now that we're both against him, he's using both of our own powers against us. Yep. He just took your chaos boost, man. Wait, I thought he already had your chaos boost cuz that's why his eyes went red. But I guess not. Chase my color. Well, it looks like he is now. And that's not good. Uh-oh. What happened? Everything just lost its color. Dude, this seriously might be like the most epic sprite animation that I have ever seen. Wait a minute. Did he just grab all the Chaos Emeralds? I don't know. It looked like he had a Chaos Emerald in the middle of his body. So, it's like that's what's powering him right now. I That's what it looked like to me anyways. Oh, I was thinking we could probably just flip a switch on his back there and maybe turn him off, but I guess that's not going to work. He just shot a Kamehameha blast at Oh my gosh, dude. And it looks like you grabbed me and like teleported out of the way. Holy cow. You can thank me for that later. Now, where did we go? He probably thinks that he took us out and we're going to sneak up right behind him and take him out. Watch, dude. I hope so. Look at him. He's like, "Oh, I just killed these guys. No problem." There's like lava everywhere. This is epic. Wow. Could you imagine that? Kamehameha blast was so powerful it turned all the rock into lava. Oh, chaos energy detected. So he can detect you because you're pretty much always putting out chaos energy. Oh, I guess we're not going to be able to sneak up on him then. And look at us. We're kind of beat up right now. Give us a break, dude. Oh, look at that. We're Dude, we can't even move. He's got me up against a tree and you're not compelled to do anything besides get dominated. This is not fair. It looks like we're totally getting dominated right now. This has got to be something up our sleeves. There's no way they can end like this. Surrender the Chaos Emeralds. Yeah, that's not going to happen, pal. Yeah, that sounds like something I would say. I advise you to cooperate, hedgehog. Otherwise, your dear friends will pay the price. It doesn't look like I really care. You want them that bad? Okay, then. Oh, here we go. I got your emeralds right here. Oh, now we're talking. Wait a minute. Did you just give it to him? Oh, no. You got all the other Chaos Emeralds. Here we go. Now we're going to turn into our super form. Do it. Yes. This is going to be awesome. We're both going super. And of course, we got live and learn in the background. Love it. But wait a minute. If we're going to get into our super forms, does that mean that he's going to turn into his super form, too? I mean, it sounds like it. Okay. Now, he thinks he's going to hit us with his blast again, but it's really going to do anything. We're pretty much invincible right now. I mean, pretty much looks like we just stood there and I basically teleported behind him. Take that, bro. Boom. Now you just We're just pinging ponging him back and forth. Now, at this point, we just have so much power. We just stand there. We can just like, you know, punch him with like our fingers. That's exactly what we're doing. The three-finger punch. It's going to split him right in half. Good job, bro. Isn't that from uh Isn't the three-finger punch from Kill Bill or whatever that movie is? I think it's originally from Bruce Lee, but yeah. Oh, yeah. You're right. Huh. Had enough yet? Here we go. Now we're just toying with him. I can see he's already starting to malfunction. Uh-oh. Loading data. Data loaded. That means he's going to be copying us now. Uh-oh. He's going to copy both of our super forms. No way, bro. Super Sonic Super Shadow. Yep. He's rendering. He is about to turn into his own super form. Watch. This is going to be insane. I have never seen Metallics copy both of our super forms and get like this is cra. Is he going to grow another arm? Looks like we broke one of his arms. Wait a minute. Did he get bigger, too? This is insane. How are we going to even defeat him like that? This is This is going to be impossible. Dude, he got all this power. Hang on. Is he not growing an arm back? Okay, now he's growing an arm back. H prepare to say goodbye to your pitiful lives. Yeah, right. Now he's going to uh he's going to shoot us with something. I thought it looked like a cannon on the front of his arm. That was crazy. All right, looks like we're not going to have it. I think we're going to end this right now. I cannot wait to see this. Holy smokes, dude. Look at how cool this is going to be. How much energy is that right there? We're about to destroy the whole forest. No. No way. Please, no. To be continued. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button and let's watch another video together right over here. Oh, dude, that one's actually one of my favorites.