# Sonic VS Shadow Power Levels

Today, it's time to settle this once and for all. Who's stronger, me or Shadow? Well, I feel like that's a pretty obvious one, dude. You say that now, bro, but just wait. Well, how about everybody watch this video, hits that like and subscribe button, and let's find out who's stronger, me or Sonic. I already lost the first battle, and the video just started. What is this all about? Hey man, I tried telling you, but you didn't want to listen. And wait a second here. Even my electricity amped form still loses by like 40 points to movie shadow. This is insane, bro. I mean, if you think about it, at least your electricity amped from the first movie is stronger than this form. And let me guess, this is Yeah, go figure. I almost lost by 20 points again to regular movie Shadow. Oh, here we go. Super Sonic. There's no way you don't beat me right here. Yeah, check it out. You beat me by over a 100 points, bro. But it's weird that I had to become Super just to beat you in your base form from the third Sonic movie. Isn't that a little bit much? I mean, maybe the person that made this video is more of a Shadow fan than a Sonic fan. Who knows? I mean, if I had to venture a guess, I would say that's definitely the case, bro. Cuz check it out. I lost again by 50 points. But at least you're going to win as Supersonic right here. Yeah, check it out. Over a 100 point win. That's That's pretty cool, right? I mean, I guess so. Oh, come on. There's no way that you better be stronger than me here. Okay, good. We at least tied. That at least makes me feel a little bit better. Oh, check it out. They're uh putting you up against me from Sonic Adventure 2. Super Sonic doesn't stand a chance against Sonic Adventure 2. Seriously, that was almost a 200point loss, bro. Well, at least it's not almost a 300 point loss like classic Sonic right there. I mean, that doesn't really make me feel any better. Plus, I'm going to lose right here. Yep. By 25 points. Isn't that cool? I mean, if you think about it, I did debut in this game, and technically, I've been alive a lot longer than you, so maybe I'm just that much stronger. Who knows? I guess I can agree with you being 15 points stronger than me in the same game. Speaking of being stronger, check it out. Sonic Hero Sonic is 15 points stronger than me, too. Isn't that awesome? Let me guess. You're going to be 15 points stronger than me right here. Yep. Go figure. So, does that mean the next one is going to be 15 points stronger than this one? I don't know. Let's find out. Here we go. Yep. Looks like you're 15 points stronger than me from Sonic Heroes. Okay. Are we seriously just going to trade back and forth on who's stronger by 15 points? Okay, 20 points. But that's basically the exact same thing. And now Modern Sonic is going to be 20 points stronger than me. Check it out. Okay, 25 points. Whatever. I don't get why I'm not just a little bit stronger than you here because modern Sonic was like my whole new thing. You know what I mean? Are we seriously just going to keep on trading back and forth on who's stronger by 20 points? If that's the case, this is going to be lame, bro. Really? The Werehog is only 15 points stronger than Modern Shadow, dude? This is making zero sense. Oh, wow. We're bringing in comic versions of ourselves. Okay. Yeah. I guess we'll see what happens here. Come on. 15 points? Really? You can't even give the comic version of me a leg up at all? Well, at least you're going to cook me with the Werehog. See, there you go. You got a pretty easy win right there, bro. Easy. I wouldn't really call 20 points an easy win. Plus, you're going to beat me right here. Yep. Check it out. By another 15 points without limiters. Oh, bro. Caliber and Sonic is going to cook me right now. A million points to 650. I mean, I'll take this big W, but I'm sure it's not going to last very long. Let's see what happens with Sir Lancelot. Yeah, see, only a 30,000 point win right here. Oh, bro. I'm sorry. This is going to be insane. 1 million to 6.15 quadrillion. That is so incredibly OP. Are you kidding me, bro? And my Excalibur form can only get to a 100 million. I'm sorry, but this person is blazing you way too hard in this video. Wow. I might have to agree with you. Dark Sonic only got 4 billion, and I still got 6.15 quadrillion. This is nuts, dude. Even Classic Supersonic only got the 500 billion. What did I do to this person to deserve this? I don't know, man. But you almost beat me right there with six quadrillion, so that's pretty good. Yeah, we'll see what happens. Okay, Super Sonic from Sonic Adventure 1. 9.32 quintilion. Holy cow, that is way more than that one. And I'm guessing this is going to be shortlived because yep, I just got 9.9 quintilion. Sorry, bro. Honestly, man, I kind of expected at this point. Let's see what Sonic Adventure Supersonic gets. 9.5 quintilion. Okay, whatever. Well, judging by how this graph looks, you're going to probably beat me here. Let's see. Yep, 10.25 quintilion. Not too bad, dude. I mean, I want to say thanks, but I feel like I'm just going to get cooked right here. Let's see what happens. Yeah. 10.6 quintilion. I could even keep a victory for more than like two fights, bro. Well, 06 Sonic is about to beat me right here. Yep. 10.95 quintilion. Man, I just can't wait to see if they bring in more Archie characters because I'm a little bit overpowered in those comics, that's for sure. Don't you have a form that can like rewrite realities and stuff? Yeah, it's pretty bananas. You should see some of the things that I've been able to do in those comics. It blows my mind still. Well, good thing we haven't seen any of those forms yet because I'm pretty sure I can't do any of that stuff from the comics. I don't know, man. You have some pretty powerful comic forms, too. Just saying. All right, let's see what this next one is. Modern supersonic with a boost. 120 quintilion. Are you kidding me? That's like 10 times more powerful than my form right there. Oh, boy. I'm getting cooked. Shadow Comics Pre Genesis 2.556illion. That is an insane number, bro. Let's see what you get. 2.56. So, at least I'm 0.056. 05 sexillion stronger than you right there. So that's cool. Okay, at least Hypersonic is going to be stronger. Good. 15 Sexilian. That's like what? Seven times stronger than that. So, I'll take it. And Super Shadow Comics pre Genesis is 2.55 septillion. I am sorry, bro. I don't think I agree with that one at all. Yeah, whatever. Let's just see what this one is. 2.5 septillion. So, I still lost even though that we're pretty much the exact same. Dark spine Sonic is in this. That's not even fair. Nine septillion. I guess I'll lose to that. That's okay. Okay. Am I seriously going to get my second win in a row? That never happens. I beat you by.5 Septilion. Okay, that's pretty cool. Ultra classic Sonic. I've never even heard of that form. 350 Septilion. Wow. Even I can agree this is a little bit overpowered. Oh, now they're going to do ultraodern Sonic. Okay. Okay. 700 Septillion's insane. Wait a second. What just happened? Is this like a whole new list or what's what's going on? Yeah, I think it started up a new list. So, it looks like Shadow IDW is not as strong as Sonic Boom. I don't know if I agree with that. And then Shadow from Sonic Boom is 10 points stronger than you from Sonic Boom. Okay, I'll take it. Oh, nice. I'm stronger than you inside Sonic X. That's pretty cool. And now I'm stronger than you in Sonic X by 20 points. So, is this going to be like another back and forth or what? Looks like it so far. Sonic Adventure Sonic is stronger than you right there. And then I'm stronger than you by 20 points in the exact same game. Yep. It looks like we're just kind of going tit for tat right here. And now I beat you by 10 points, says Modern Sonic. This one is a lot faster than the other one. We're getting like these things are happening within like 10 or 15 seconds of each other. And there's the Werehog gang beating you by only 35. I still can't believe that, bro. And then Shadow Comics Post Genesis is 130 points stronger. Wow. I That's pretty good. I am seriously not stronger than you. 10 points. That is insane, dude. Werehog Sonic Comics is only 50 points stronger. Okay, dude. This is going so fast that I can't even like look and see which one we're looking at. It's going so fast. Shadow without limiters is not as strong as Sonic with a chaos boost. I guess that makes sense. And then Super Shadow is like double the power of Sonic with a Chaos Boost. Sonic Emerald Absorbed. I don't even know what that means. But apparently I'm stronger than that, so I guess that's cool. I like how it's using Super Shadow from Sonic X, but that's definitely not Super Shadow from Sonic X. That's a different picture. Oh, here we go. Sonic Excalibur 100,000. Dude, that's pretty good. And then I just got dominated by Shadow Pre Genesis at 290 million. Wow, that's kind of crazy that Supersonic Classic can't beat Shadow Pre Genesis. That's That's a little bit weird in my opinion. But Sonic Pre Genesis is still not as strong as Shadow Pregenesis. I'm sorry. Is this like another Shadow glazing account? I can't tell. Supersonic pre Genesis is barely stronger than Shadow. I guess so. And it looks like Super Shadow is even stronger than Supersonic from Pre Genesis. Man, I'm having a hard time keeping up here. Eosic is I don't even know who that form is. And it's got 47 billion uh power, so that's cool. Well, apparently Ekosic is way more powerful than Dark Shadow and probably Hero Shadow. Yeah, I thought for sure that Hero Shadow was at least going to be able to take Eosic, but apparently I was wrong. And I can't even beat you with Chaos Shadow. Holy smokes, dude. I guess Eosic isn't really messing around except for when I get smoked by Super Shadow post Genesis cuz I definitely saw that coming. Look at how close in power we were in this one. I mean, last video I beat you by 5 billion, but in this one you beat me by 5 billion. Holy cow. Hypershadow just put me in the ground, dude. What is that? 150 trillion or something like that. Polar Sonic. Pretty sure I've never heard of that form ever. Same thing goes for Solar Sonic. What game is that even from, dude? They're even putting these forms up against Hypershadow cuz they're not even coming close. Look, Darkspine Sonic can't even touch how strong Hypershadow is. And I'm actually okay taking the L here because the hyperforms definitely need to be the last ones. You know what I'm saying? Oh, 100%, bro. Anyways, everybody, make sure you click that like and subscribe button and click one of the videos that's on the screen right now.