# Sonic and Shadow VS BIG and Tiny Earths!!

I see what's happening. The earths are slowly getting bigger and bigger. So, the bigger the earth, the bigger the damage. Oh, yeah. Check it out. That thing is Oh, it's Hang on. It's going really slow. Is it going to break the whole thing? I don't know. Wow. How tall are these buildings? Because it looks like these earths are going to start going through them pretty quick. Oh, dude. That earth just destroyed that building. Oh, wait. This just rolling over it now. I feel like that's not even fair. Okay, so now what we're doing is we're bowling with Earth. Dude, if we could bowl with the Earth, could you imagine how big we would actually be? Look at that thing. This is crazy. So, I'm wondering what's happening to all the towns and villages and cities that are on Earth while this is rolling into the building. Dude, could you imagine? You got the Earth rolling with buildings on it going through a building. That is crazy. Can you imagine how many buildings are actually being crushed? And wait, hold on a second. Now, looks like we're crushing buildings with Steves. I think so. I mean, look at that, Steve. There was like 500 Steves right there that fell through the building. Oh, this is crazy. How many Steves does it take to destroy a whole building? Oh my gosh, that's a thousand subscribers. He says, "If a thousand subscribers fell on a building, that's what would happen." What would happen if there was a million subscribers falling on top of a building? Oh my gosh, that was like one of the most satisfying things I have ever seen. That stack of Steves is bigger than that building. I can't believe it. Oh, it broke the whole thing. Did you see that? That is so awesome. Well, that earth isn't going to destroy that bridge. Oh, here we go. It's getting bigger and bigger. Oh, dude. This program he's using is so satisfying. Look at that. It like shakes the whole thing as it falls on it. That's awesome. I can't stop staring at that subscribe truck. I mean, me neither. Maybe everybody watching this video should make sure they're subscribed to this channel and also us. Well, I kind of see what's happening here. Oh, never mind. I was saying the bridge is acting kind of like a springboard for the smaller Earths, but once that bigger one came Oh, great. Now, a giant Minecraft sword. I would die to have that big of a Minecraft sword. Think how cool that'd be to like put in your room or something. Okay, one thing we're not seeing is what's actually throwing that sword. This is crazy. I mean, not only the what's throwing the sword, but who is bowling the the earth? It must be some giant robotic or something. I don't know. Oh, that's probably what it is. Yeah, it's like a gigantic like egg destroyer robot or something. What else could be throwing earths at Earths? I mean, it doesn't make any sense, but it is definitely v visually pleasing. Look at this, dude. They're bowling the earth through all these buildings. Okay, this is I don't know why this is so satisfying, but it totally is. Okay, this is crazy because Oh, wait. Now we got a little plane that's flying through there. Okay, this is great. I love the guy's voice, too. Teddy plane. Sonic, you're lucky that they're not using the torpedo to do that. Dude, you mean the tornado? Whatever. I'm not really a big fan of planes anyways. Especially when you could like, you know, use chaos control and like teleport your way everywhere cuz that'd just be way easier. I feel like that's what I'm saying. It's just such a more efficient way of traveling. Not by plane. Especially how do you stand on that thing anyways? What do you got magnets on your shoes? Dude, I have said that before. It's all It's just crazy. Obviously, it's like game physics, but I've always wondered how I can just like stand on that without falling off. Hold up, Sonic. Check it out. Now he's dropping dozens and dozens of earths on this bridge. Is it me or is the bridge get stronger? I think you're right. Like it's like there's no way that the bridge can hold this. Oh, now it broke. Okay, never mind. It broke again. Oh yeah, there we go. That's destroyed. Okay, now we got a big Oh, we're dropping different different What do you call it? Oh, there's gold. We're dropping different materials on there. I wonder which one's going to be the best. It's probably going to be an obsidian block. I guarantee you it's going to be an obsidian block. I was just about to say that, Sonic. You took the words right out of my mouth. Diamond block. That's what I do, bro. That's exactly what I do. Okay, now we've got Steve's getting bigger and bigger. How big can a Steve actually get? Oh, man. Look at that. Look at Dude, I If I was one of those people in the cars and I saw a gigantic Steve fall down like this, I'd be like, "Oh man, I'm going to be late for work." Especially the direction Steve's coming down. It's like, "Oh no, a giant Steve butt." Imagine if you were the one that got Steve's butt falling on him. That'd be hilarious. Okay, now this is a cart ride straight into a building. Ouch. That doesn't look like it feels very good. Oh, look. It like broke his neck almost. Oh, it almost fell over. Oh, but now he's getting bigger and bigger. Now he's just cutting right through like butter. Oh, here we go. This is going to knock the whole building over. Guaranteed. Yeah, there it goes. Oh, yeah. Wow. What would you do if you were inside that building? And Oh, here we go. Now we got more Steve's. Oh, no. Oh, I thought he was going to get impaled on that antenna looking thing. Oh, that Steve did. The one on the top there just got totally impaled. Oh no. How many are going to Look, there's like Oh, actually broke it this time. That was just too much weight for that tower. Oh, dude. This is 10,000 subscribers. 10,000 subscribers to completely demolish a building. I thought it' take a lot more than that. Oh, wait. It's almost Nope. There's still a little bit more. Oh, they're going to stop it on that one. Bummer. Okay. Now, does the sword get bigger and bigger or what? Oh, yeah. That's right. Oh, man. This is Look at how big that is. That's going It's not going right through the middle of the building. It's kind of weirding me out. I think it's the aim. You should be a little bit more outward and then you'll definitely cut right through. Oh, just like that. Oh, here we go. This is going to destroy the building for sure, dude. Look at that. All the way through, man. That is just That's so cool. Wow. I'm not going to lie. That particular cut was so satisfying the way it spun into it. That was crazy. Oh, here we go. Steve's going to break these buildings again. Or bigger Steve's. Huge Steve. Yes, Steve's definitely getting bigger and bigger. I wonder what Steve has to say about all this. Giant Steve. Oh, dude. This is a giant Steve, but the last one was a huge Steve. So, apparently, uh, huge is or giant is bigger than huge. Giant is definitely bigger than huge in this universe. Wow. Look, he just completely made that whole thing disappear. Oh, dude, they're going to throw TNT blocks at this thing. Okay, this is going to be so much fun to watch. Hey, Sonic, have you ever wondered what TNT stands for? Uh, no, cuz I know exactly what it stands for. What does it stand for, dude? I have no idea. It stands for um It stands for uh Teenage Ninja Turtles, obviously. Oh, I'm not sure if that's correct, but I'm just going to roll with it. Oh noin, that train just took out that little car. I mean, if I was the one driving that car, I'd be definitely want to get off the train tracks cuz you're not going to win against a gigantic train, you know? Big car. But the car is getting bigger and bigger. Still, the train probably has more weight. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I don't know how big of a car you got to be to actually take out the train, you know. Hey, Sonic. Is that car made out of Legos or Minecraft stuff? I always thought they were like the exact same thing. So, you're saying that Legos is Minecraft and Minecraft is Legos? Obviously, Legos was first cuz it was like made first, but I feel like Minecraft is basically Legos, you know? Oh, wow. Did you see that? Now it's a Cyber Truck car. Oh, now it's got a Lamborghini going through there. Okay, that was pretty cool. I can't wait to see him like go off that jump. Out of all these cars, I think I'd want to be in the Cybert truck because isn't the cybert truck like bulletproof? It could definitely take out a building. Oh, but it took out that subscribe button. So, that was pretty cool. Oh no. Did you see that? It's breaking all the ketchup packets in the back pocket of Steve. Um, I don't think those are ketchup packets, man. Hey, Sonic, you should go grab your chili dog and scoop up some of that ketchup so none of it goes to waste. You know, I guess you're right. But I mean, it depends on what day I'm feeling. But sometimes I like mustard. Sometimes I like ketchup. You know, it just depends. 250. Okay. So, I don't get what's happening here. Is the car just going faster and faster? Because it does not look like it's getting bigger and bigger, but it still reaches the subscribe button at the end. I am not really sure what I just watched, but what I am sure of is the video that's on the screen right now. I really think you guys are going to love that. So, just go ahead and click it. Come on.