# Super Sonic VS Super Mario!!

Shadow. Today we're going to check out Super Mario versus Sonic. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. I'm actually super stoked about this. This is going to be so much fun. Wa! He just totally popped out of that pipe. All right, that's right. They're plumbers, aren't they? Yeah, they are. And wait, I mean, is that Princess Peach? I think Peach, that's her name. Yeah, that's right. And you got Bowser and his baby boy guy there. And did you see Princess Peach? She floated around just like in Super Mario Brothers 2. Oh, here's me and Tails and Knuckles. Are you going to be in this one? Oh, you are. Cool. And we got Amy. And of course, Dr. Eggman. I guess we could use him in this one. Here we go. Hang on. Everybody in the comments, what is that little Bowser called? I forget. What's the little Bowser one called? I don't know, but I call him Baby Bowser. Honestly, out of all the characters in Super Mario, I think Yoshi's my favorite. You think so? Oh, yeah. Did you see me just do a spin back kick to the back of Princess Peach's head? That was very satisfying. I'm sorry, but there's no possible way that the Mario characters will be able to take us in a fight. There's just there's no way that would happen. Well, if you just see, we just defeated all of them. Oh, never mind. They're still alive. I mean, there's some people that say that Mario can beat me, and I'm like, I guess that's a possibility cuz he does have a lot of powers, but everybody else, no way. You are a lot faster than them, though. So, you can totally use that to your advantage, just like you did your quills right there. Like, I'm not I'm not glazing you or anything, but I'm just saying like you have chaos control. I mean, you have all sorts of these abilities. You have chaos spears. There's no way that Bowser would be able to beat you. I guess it depends on which dimension or world we're in. If we're in their dimension, do we have all of our powers? This is the question. I mean, it's kind of shows right here. I feel like this is definitely the Mario dimension and you were definitely teleporting and I was using my super speed and all sorts of stuff. So, I think it doesn't matter. Wa! Did you see that? Luigi just used a hammer to blow up Eggman's Batmobile. And I'm not trying to be a Luigi hater or anything either, but I don't think Luigi would be able to beat Dr. Eggman cuz you know Eggman's got like all sorts of gadgets and whatnot. I think those two it would be the battle of the mustaches. I don't know who would win because Luigi does have a pretty decent mustache. That's a good point. Oh, wait. Look at you. You just weren't having it at all. He's like, I'm just going to teleport slash and beat this guy up. No problem. This is probably one of the best animations I've ever seen. Just look at it right now. I'm kicking everybody's booty. Hang on a second. What? Yoshi does not stand a remote chance against you either. Like why is everyone fighting you and you have all these teleporting and like you know uh chaos blast and dude did Yoshi just hide inside of an egg? That's even That's crazy. How did he poop out that egg that's even bigger than him? I'm just saying also I hate that move. That's one of my least favorite moves in Super Smash Bros. is when you know Yoshi does that jump up in the air move and then falls on you. It's so annoying. I can't believe it. Yoshi just ate me and then pooped me into an egg. Oh no. Now I'm about to bust out of here and kick everybody. Wait a second. You just broke Yoshi in half with that move. Okay, I was not expecting that at all. Oh my god, I just decapitated Yoshi. Not going to lie, I feel a little bad right now. So hang on. We got Amy versus Princess Peach. And Peach is throwing those like uh radish things from Mario. Is it the second Mario? I think it is. Yeah, I think that is the the little roots that you pull out of the ground in Super Mario 2. And now look at her. She's crying like a little baby. She's going to fill up this entire level with her tears. Okay, that is next level crying right there. Wow. Why is she so salty? Uh, get it. Oh, I see what you did there. because tears have salt and she's also in water. And now, dude, I'm just saying I hate this music. It It stresses me out every single time. Is this the underwater music? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, every time I hear that, whether I'm in water or not, I just I get stressed out. I can't I cannot stand that music. Okay, looks like somebody flushed the toilet and all the water is gone. How did Princess Peach win that battle? Either way, I'm okay with it. Princess Peach seriously just used a crying move to like kill Amy. That was okay. I did not expect that either. Oh, and here comes Tails. Just took out Princess Peach. Didn't see that coming. And if we're so fast, I I feel like we should be able to see those like uh robot little toys coming at us and then be able to get out of the way, you know? Seriously, those things wouldn't stand a chance against our speed. And now look. Oh, Tails just defeated the little Bowser buddy. I still want to know what this baby Bowser is called. If it's just called Baby Bowser, then I guess that's fine. But I'm pretty sure he has a name. I just can't remember what it is. I don't know. But there is that weird teacup looking thing. Oh no, these guys. How come all the bad guys have to use like equipment and gear to defeat us? I don't know. I mean, especially like you and me are just And Tails is pretty fast, too. Oh, there's a tornado. So, he's going to hop in his tornado. And it's like tornado versus teacup. I would definitely pick the tornado over a teacup. Teacups are super fragile. I mean, this one shoots those little bombs and stuff out of it and whatnot. Like, he like throws them out and like it's it's just like a couple abilities that this guy has. You know what's crazy is that Bowser has been using drone technology since the 1980s. Did you see that propeller? It's on the bottom. That's a good point. I mean, I feel like, dude, think about what kind of crossover this would be if we had a Sonic vs. Mario like movie or game or something. I think that'd be so much fun. You see how Knuckles versus Bowser, it's kind of like equal because Knuckles has all those spikes on his knuckles and Bowser has all those spikes all over his shell. That's true. It'd be like a spike versus spike match and like the person that gets spiked wins. Here's the question. Do Knuckles hands have the spikes or is it the gloves that he's wearing? And also Bowser is also wearing spiked bracelets and stuff. You know what? That's actually a really good point. I've actually never seen Knuckles with his gloves off. So, you just never really know if it's hands that have the spikes or if his gloves have the spikes. That's a good point. You know, I don't think I've ever seen myself with my gloves off. That would be kind of weird. That'd be extremely weird. It's just like seeing like like my feet for example. Like no one's ever seen my feet cuz I'm always wearing shoes, you know? And I know why. Because if you took off those shoes, man. Yeah, right, bro. My socks smell amazing. I mean, I I do laundry at least twice a week, so I I'm solid, bro. That's cap. I've never seen you do laundry once in my life. Well, you're also not like following me around what waiting for me to do my laundry, bro. That's that's stuff that I do like when I'm at my house. You know what I mean? So now Bowser's like Godzilla and all of us have to like So hang on. So it's basically all of us versus Godzilla right now. It looks like we're trying to run away. Oh, there goes the tornado. Tails is not going to be happy about that. It's okay. Tails can build another one. He's really smart. I'm I'm uh pretty confident about that. Oh my goodness. That is the biggest Bowser I've ever seen. And now he's launching giant fireballs. You're right. He is turning into Godzilla. That's what I'm saying. Okay, never mind. Looks like Knuckles and Tails are now dead. Okay, they definitely could have moved out of the way right there. I don't know why they didn't. So, how many are still alive? It's me, you, versus Bowser. I think everybody else is, you know, gone. I guarantee you you and me could beat Bowser. Guaranteed. Especially if we decide to go super, we would destroy him in 2 seconds. Did you bring all your Chaos Emeralds? I don't think we're going to be able to find them over here in Mario Land. Oh no, look out. You're captured. Okay, here we go. You're going to shoot some Chaos Spears at him, and those apparently don't do anything, so that's cool. Oh no, did I just Oh, I think I'm gone. I'm not going to take that sitting down. Look at me. I'm going to Am I going to bust out of his hand? Come on. Come on. Bust out of his hand. I know I can do it. Come on, Sonic. You got this. Oh, great. I think you just got eaten. Did Bowser just defeat us? This is Cap. I don't think that would ever happen. So, wait. I just got eaten by Bowser and you just got squished by a building. Okay, come on. Go, Super, and bust out of his stomach. And come on. Oh, wow. You are inside of his stomach. And look, you just busted out all of your Chaos Emeralds. Now we're talking. Okay, I was waiting for this. Come on. Bust right out of his chest. Right out of his chest. Or out of his mouth. That works, too. No way. Super Sonic versus Bowser. We all know how this is going to end. What do you guys think? Hang on. So, if I'm Super right now, you definitely fell uh underneath that. There's no way that you're dead. There's no possible way. I bet you you're going to like wake up here in just a second. Great. I hope I don't have to sleep for another 70 years. That would get real old real fast. I don't think you're going to be I don't think you're actually sleeping. I guarantee you're like alive somehow. Well, I'm probably just slowly digging my way out. Can you Oh, no. That was probably one of the most insane things I've ever seen. You just popped the ketchup packet into his face. Did I seriously just punch his head off? I did not see that coming. Oh my goodness. Uh-oh. Now it's you versus Mario. And he looks very mad. He's going to turn into his fireball guy, I think. Yeah, Mario, that's not going to work, bro. Um, if you're trying to hit Supersonic with a hammer, pretty sure that's going to end bad for him. Okay, now you're just playing with them. This is getting ridiculous. I bet you it's going to end in like 10 seconds. Yeah. Come on, everybody. When you guys first started watching this animation, who did you really think was going to win? Super Mario or Super Sonic? Come on, be honest. Well, I pretty much knew that we're going to win the whole time because there's no way that the Mario brothers and their friends can defeat us and our friends. Wait a second. Did Luigi seriously just get No way. Now he's Super Luigi. You've got to be kidding me. He is not that fast. That's Super Luigi. I thought it was Wario or whatever that weirdo guy was. Okay, so now we got Super Me versus Super Mario and Super Luigi. Um, I don't Okay, never have I seen this in the franchise. Okay, one question I have is their last name Mario. Is it Mario and Luigi Mario? Because they say Super Mario Brothers. That is actually a really good point. I have no idea. Another question for the audience. Is Mario's name Mario Mario Mario or is it something else? Okay, I don't think it's over yet because you just got thrown into my hole. Now you just released me. There we go. Now you're going to use chaos control. I knew that you weren't dead yet. Do you see that? I just turned into Wow, this is going to be over real fast now. Okay, so now we got Super Shadow and Super Sonic and we are going to take care of business. This is awesome. So, we got the Super Sonic Brothers versus the Super Mario Brothers. I get it. Oh, I see what you did there. I see what you did there. That was clever. That was really clever. And I know we're not real bros, but we're kind of bros, right, bro? I mean, I think we could be bros, especially if we're like, you know, super bros. I'm down with that. I'll turn into bros with you anytime to defeat these bros. There's no way they stand a chance against us. This is going to be over pretty soon, I bet. And afterwards, we can celebrate with some chili dogs. Now you're speaking my language, dude. This is what I'm talking. Hang on. They cannot breathe in space. I'm sorry. You guys can be super all you want, but you're not aliens like us, and you cannot breathe in space. I'm just saying. That's true. They're humans. There's no way they'd last out here. Their eyeballs would literally pop out of their head. I mean, I'm sure. Sure. If you guys want to fly and be golden just like us, I guess. But you're not breathing in space. Sorry. Maybe those mustaches act like some sort of oxygen filter. I don't know. I'm just saying. Well, especially now we're still in space and you guys are not super anymore. So, wait, did they just Okay, tell me they just uh We all did. Okay, never mind. Yeah, you know what just happened right there? We remembered about gravity. Once you remember that there's gravity, then gravity takes a hold of you and you fall down. I don't know if you have to remember that there's gravity. I think the gravity's just always on. It's not like a light switch, bro. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button, and let's watch another video together right over here. Oh, dude, that one's actually one of my favorites. Click that one.