# Hyper Sonic VS Ultra Instinct Goku!!

Dude, today we're going to check out Shadow versus Wario Multiverse Wars. All right, now we're talking. Everybody's been waiting for a Shadow video. Let's get into this. And dude, I think also there's going to be a Goku versus uh Shadow in this video, too. Make sure everybody hits that like and subscribe button and let's check out Shadow versus Wario. Oh, wow. We're just jumping right into this. I didn't think it was going to be like this so quickly. Oh, what's Mario gonna do there? Throw some fireballs at him? I guess so, but I don't really know what uh Oh my gosh, did I seriously just like burst right through him? Is that what happened? That or he had some chili earlier and it just blew out a big fart. Gosh, could you imagine if that's really what happened? Oh, there's you right there. You're staring at the whole thing. You know, I was just watching the sunset and then everybody had to like get in my way and stuff. That must have made me really mad. Pathetic. I don't think you were watching the sunset, bro. I'm pretty sure you were just like watching us fight. All right. Now, who's tapping on my shoulder? Wait a minute. Is that Oh, it's Wario. Nobody likes this guy. There is no way that Wario could fight Shadow like to a standstill. Like, there's just no way at all. I'm sorry. Yeah, seriously. Like, even if he snuck up on me like that, that would never happen. No, not even close, bro. I mean, you would absolutely dominate Wario. It's me. The only thing he's got on me is like 350 lb. Look at how buff Wario is. Like, is he even hitting the gym in his off time? Like, wow. I guess it looks like he's been working out. Or this is I guess Oh, wait. What's those guys called again? I think they're called glmbbas. They're glmbas. That That's I'm pretty sure that's right. Oh, yeah. Goomba. That's That's pretty lame. There we go. The glmbbas got a band-aid on his head. So, that's something. Are we supposed to know why he has a band-aid or no? I don't know. I'm not much of a band-aid guy. I think that if something happens, you just got to let it air out, you know? What about you? Do you do you use band-aids? I mean, I would use a band-aid if I had to, bro. Like, if I like cut something that was like big enough, you're not just going to let that air out, dude. I think that band-aids are for babies, so that must mean that you're kind of a baby. Just a little bit. I mean, whatever you say, man. I'm just surprised you threw chaos spears while he was holding a gloomba. Like, it's like you didn't even care, man. Yeah, I I don't really care. That's the thing. Oh, look. There goes the gooba. I mean, you did light his mustache on fire, so it looks like he's not super happy about that one. Oh, great. Now he's going to set the whole world on fire with his farts. That's true. I wonder what that was. Like, he just like had an energy blast come from his butt. Like, what is that? The only reason he got me right there is cuz I was totally confused by what just happened. I think you're totally right, man. This is hilarious. I did not expect this to happen. Yeah, this is definitely not normal. Oh, and now he just like slammed you into the ground with his new butt or something. This is what happens when you make me really really mad. If someone sits on you with their super butt, you just go super. I guess I think it was the fart before that. Now he's picking his nose. That's just gross. I'm going to end this right now. Oh man, this is going to be awesome. I'm actually really enjoying this. I know I'm not in this animation, but this is hilarious. Did you guys see that? He just ate his boogers. That so gross. Look at how fast you're moving. You just like snapped your fingers and put him in chaos control and now he's like, "Nah, man. I'm good." He can chaos control this. Oh, boom. Right in his stomach. There you go. That's what you get for doing your super fart attack, dude. Yeah, that's not that's not true. He would have definitely got knocked down from that. That's true. I don't like how you're just like teleporting behind him there. There's just no way that you that Warrior would stand a chance against Shadow, let alone Super Shadow. Did you see the look on his face? That definitely hurt him. Look at his He's got a pretty big gat, dude. Look at that. Is that how you say that? Yat. Wario's definitely got a gillat. That's That's just funny having us say that cuz we we sound so lame. That's a funny word. Guillot, especially Mario Guillot. Oh, there it is. There's his guillot. Oh, what in the world? That's his special guillot power. What just happened? He He like pointed his butt towards the chaos spear and that's it. His fart caused a mushroom cloud ac upon a a bunch of mushroom houses. Hey, what? What just happened? Why did we switch over to the Goku animation right from that shadow one? What is this? No, it's just that I defeated him, so everything has to move on, you know. I guess so. But what I Oh, wait. Multiverse wars continues. Okay, so now we're catching up to what's happening in the story line. Got it. Huh? Okay. If I'm not in this one, it's definitely not going to be as entertaining, but I'm definitely down to watch it. This is actually a really good fight. I've been uh part of this a lot of times where people put Hypersonic against like Ultra Instinct Goku. You know what I mean? Look at those kicks. He still can't kick you. I mean, I don't know. I'm still on the fence here on who's more powerful, Hypersonic or, you know, God Saiyan Goku or whatever. You guys in the comments, let me know who you guys think is stronger. Oh, he just caught that. Wait, he just licked his drool. That was weird. That was really weird. What was that all about? I don't think that was necessary. You look like a I think he's probably trying to stay hydrated. I would just up for like Gatorade or something. Nobody likes lime Gatorade as their favorite choice. You're crazy. I think that's probably the most popular flavor. No, it isn't, dude. Blue is way better. And I mean, fruit punch is really good, too, but blue is my favorite. Nobody likes blue. Everybody likes blue. And another thing, if Goku can use instant transmission, why wouldn't he just go instant transmission his way to a gas station and get some Gatorade, you know? Well, probably because he licks his own spit. I mean, that's true. I'm about to get shot with a Kamehameha blast here. I'm surprised you know the name of that. I mean, I'm sorry. If people cannot see the the disting like whatever they call it, the distinction between us and Dragon Ball Z, then they're crazy. Oh, so you're one of those conspiracy theorists, huh? There's no conspiracy theory there, dude. I mean, Super Sonic is like you. I mean, Super Sonic and Super Saiyan Goku are basically the exact same thing. I'm not going to deny that. Yeah, I'm sure Sega would have something different to say about that. I guess so. But still, look at this. Look at this. I'm like going right through this Kamehameha man blast right here. This is pretty cool. Wow. This is actually pretty cool. Oh, look. Looks like he he char he shot it so much that he actually fell out of super form. So, I'm going to go right through this and blast him. I guarantee it. I think you're right. If you turn that thing sideways, you can kind of see that it looked like a Pac-Man ghost. Wait a minute. Let's rewind that and see that. Okay, hang on. Let me go back. Watch this. See, look. Right. Hang on. Watch it. See? Pac-Man ghost right there. I'm turning my head right now and it looks Yeah, I think you're right. It looks kind of like a Pac-Man ghost. I'm not going to lie. Now you just ruined all that perfectly good soil. Look at how high his pants are. Look at that. He's like in high waters like crazy right there. I think it's because he's wearing diapers. Goku is not wearing diapers, bro. That's weird. Well, he's out in the desert, you know. There's no place to go to the bathroom. I I'd wear diapers if I was him. Not if you can use instant transmission or chaos control, bro. That's true. Then he could just go to the bathroom. Hey, look. It's who you were modeled after. You were absolutely Vegeta, dude. 100%. I don't I don't agree with this. Hey, To be continued. Wait, what? Well, that was actually not as bad as I thought it was going to be. What do you guys think? Make sure you guys hit that like and subscribe button. Yeah, you guys definitely should.