# Sonic Gets TURNED Into ORBEEZ!!

Wait, how come I have like a long tongue coming out of my mouth? Like, I don't think I've ever had a tongue like in any piece of media. Oh, I didn't know that was your tongue. I thought you were wearing some sort of tie or something like you're going to a business meeting. Dude, what are you talking about? That completely looks like a tongue. Like, it's like blatantly obvious that that's a tongue. Okay, hold on a second here. What are they doing now? What are they pouring into you? Is that some sort of liquid concrete or something? It does kind of look like concrete, but maybe it's like chocolate milk or something like that. Wouldn't that be cool? Oh, what if it was magic shell? Oh, wait. That dried up quickly. And now I I wonder why they kept the tongue right there. Like you can't even tell that that's my tongue. It just looks like it's a mess up. Oh, look at those Orbeez. They're so satisfying. They're bouncing around everywhere. That's kind of a nice looking color, too. It really does look like your Sonic Blue. That does really look kind of cool. I hope they make like a version of you and Tails and like Knuckles and stuff. I'd like to see what this guy can do with it. I don't know. May be he's going to do more characters later. I mean, it looks like he's moving through this pretty quick. It's going to probably be done here in a minute. We need to actually do this someday. We need to go to the beach, get a whole bunch of Orbeez, and just make a bunch of characters out of Orbeez. This looks really fun. Yeah, but do we have to clean it up afterwards, or can we have like Amy do it or something? Because I don't know. This looks like a lot of a mess. Yeah, I guess you're right. This does look like it would be kind of a lot of stuff. And especially if he's going to use Fanta and Coca-Cola and like a whole bunch of other stuff, too. Now, where is he getting these bottles of Orbeez? I always thought they came in little packs, but this guy has them in these jugs. And what's up with the red hands? I was wondering the exact same thing. Like, why is he making my hands red? And also, this channel's got like 12 million subscribers, bro. So, like, maybe he's got like a deal with Orbeez or something. Yeah, I would love to have some sort of sponsorship by Orbeez or something. Then I'd fill up a whole swimming pool with it. Dude, if we can fill up an Orbeez swimming pool, do you know how much fun that would be? That'd be amazing. Now, I wonder, do you sink to the bottom of the Orbeez or do you stay on top or can you actually swim in them? Oh my gosh. I don't know. We should try that sometime because I feel like just jumping in a whole pool of those would just be like awesome. I'm just saying. Okay, so it looks like he went through and cleaned everything up, but I still don't understand why you're wearing red gloves. It's probably the same reason that I have teeth and like a long tongue. It's almost like he's going for Sonic .exe, but he's not at the same time. Sort of Sonic exe meets Venom. Oh, that'd be so cool, man. Like, if I was infected by the Venom symbiote, I would absolutely be okay with that. Now he's just wasting some sodas. And where did he get that blue Pepsi from? I mean, that's true. That what's that called? It's called Minda. Minda thing. It looks like a Seven Up and like an orange soda or something like that. Wait a minute. I think this is real. There's no carbonation in any of those sodas. You're right. Now that I look at it, it's not really carbonating. Wait, these things are brand new, though. So, this definitely has to be some carbonation inside the cans, though. Oh, definitely. You can't fake a brand new can. And you can kind of see that like there is bubbles coming out of that. So you can I don't even think that looks very hard to open that bottle right there. Wait a minute. Is that a red seven up? I think it is a red seven up. And this looks like a There was no bubbles right there. See he? Oh wait, never mind. Never mind. There's some stuff coming out. Okay, I'm I'm wrong. Now we're talking. That's a brand new bottle right there. That's the foam I was waiting for. I wonder what other one is also brand new or if they're all kind of weird. That's true. I I don't I'm having a weird time watching this because at the same time it's going to be awesome, but two, I'm just watching him waste all of these drinks when I kind of want to drink them myself, you know? And I'm kind of wondering how is that going to work with making you look like yourself because it's starting to make it look a little twisted and weird. I can't really tell what that is anymore. You're right. I think that's the reason why he probably does like the cement or concrete or whatever in the bottom cuz like now it's just looking insane. Oh, maybe what he's going to do is he's going to get a giant shovel afterwards and he's going to flip it upside down just like with pancake art. What? Dude, that doesn't make any sense. You couldn't get a pancake big enough, let alone some of the bill to like lift the whole thing. Is that super heavy, bro? That is kind of true. Wait, hang on. Hang on. Look at this. Check it out. There's like a blue Pepsi or whatever. I don't think I've ever seen that before. That's what I was just about to say. It looks like Sonic Pepsi, but it's not. It wasn't even foamy. What is that? Mountain Dew. I can't tell. It looks like Mountain Dew, but it's like a really, really bright version of Mountain Dew. Almost like a like it's radioactive or something. I was trying to read what that flavor was, but he's just moving the camera around so fast. And now it looks like the Mentos is starting to mix up in your wrists there. I don't I don't think he added any Mentos yet. I think it's just drinks, right? Oh, I think you're right. Those weren't Mentos. Those were just the white Orbeez he was using for your gloves. So, wait a second. Is he actually going to add Mentos to this after everything's all said and done? I'm pretty sure that's what it said inside of the title. It said Mentos and some other stuff. I can't remember. It was such a big long title. Oh, yeah. So, that makes sense. Why is adding all these like crazy drinks? Because the Mentos is like going to explode it all. I can't wait to see that. That's going to be cool. I wonder if they're going to have to take shelter because that's a whole lot of soda and depending on how many different Mentos they add in there. It could blow up the whole beach. Maybe that's how like Sonic exe or like Shin Sonic was created. They started doing something like this and then like the Mentos like transformed him into a magical beast of some sort. You know, you're on to something. This is some sort of weird experiment. Maybe that's how they're going to make this weird new Sonic character with I guess a Venom time. That's true. I'm I'm also curious like why is the the did he add any like drinks to the tongue itself because I don't think he did. I think it's all kind of just pouring into the same spot. Oh, here we go. He's starting to add the Mentos. You got the mint Mentos on the right and then the fruit Mentos on the left. Have you had Mentos before? They're actually really good. I've I've had Mentos before. They're not my favorite. Actually, I like the fruit Mentos better. Yeah, you're right. The fruit mentos are like super delicious. Do those interact the exact same way than the mint ones or they different? That's what I was trying to say. I think you need to use the mint mentos with Coke and soda to make it blow up. Not the fruit flavored kind. Like, does the fruit flavored kind work better with like different drinks or they all just kind of explode the same way? This is going to be awesome to see. Either way, I don't really I don't really know. Wait, what is that? Oh, I think that's baking soda. Are you sure? It looks like snow. Maybe it's snow and mentoast. No, I'm just kidding. And maybe this is vinegar. It looks It looks kind of like a drink. It looks like almost blue. Did you add blue food coloring to the vinegar? No, that would not be vinegar. If he added vinegar to baking soda, that would foam up like a volcano. Yeah, I guess you're right. So, he's going to throw this entire concoction in. Oh, this is going to be awesome. Can't wait to see this, bro. That is crazy. Look at that. I can't believe how much it blew up, dude. That is so good to rewind it, too. Okay, this is super awesome. Look at the explosion right there, bro. Now, when he doubled it up, it looked even more insane. I can't believe it. I was definitely not expecting that. I cannot believe it like shut up in the air like that so much. That was really cool to see. Holy cow, man. Look at it smoking. I wonder if it's toxic. It probably And look, it's still going. It's still going. Like the the foam is still blowing up like that. We totally have to try this. Man, you know what? Now it's starting to look like a mixture of cotton candy and bubble gum. You think that possibly adding Mentos to soda on the beach can make bubblegum cotton candy? I mean, I would try it. Like, there's a part of me that wants to just think about how cool it would be to like run up there and jump into all of that. That'd be awesome. Well, you think about it, it probably has to taste good because it's really just soft drinks and candy, isn't it? That's true. But does that like transition to the foam? Like, can you like taste the sweetness or is it just like foam? You know what I mean? Well, there's only one way to find out. Where's this guy's at? Where's this guy's beach at? Oh, is he all done? Is he all We're not Oh, man. That was cool. That was really cool. Well, anyways, make sure you guys all hit that like and subscribe button. And why don't we just click on the video on the right here? No, I think you guys need to click this video right here because this is probably my favorite.