# REACTING To Spongebob Vs GIANT Shredder!!

Spongebob is going to get shredded. Are you ready for this? Oh, I'm totally ready to watch someone else finally get shredded. I know. This one's going to be fun. I hear this one's a little bit interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. Mr. Krabs and Sandy on this one. So, let's see what happens. Oh, this is going to be interesting. Now they're starting to spin around. Are they the shredder? I don't get it. No, I think it's gonna choose who gets shredded first. I think we did one of these a long time ago and uh it was the same kind of principle. Oh, that makes sense. Oh, and there he goes. Wait, did he just blow up? Oh, no. He's going to get Oh, this is not going to end well. I mean, this is even though it's kind of terrible. Like, look at his eyes. He's like, I'm so dead, guys. I'll see you later. Wow. He was like a balloon. I I was expecting a little bit more like I don't know, blood squirting all over the place. No, they keep it pretty good. Like I've seen a couple of these videos and these these guys do a pretty good job of it. Oh, this guy's Mr. Krabs is going to get like acid. Yep. Oh no. Isn't that how they cook crabs? They they stick them in hot boiling acid. I think that's I think that's actually pretty smart. That was pretty funny right there. Crabs died and his his uh crabs his crab arms came up and then money. That was hilarious. Okay, so now what's going to happen to this one is Oh, it's going to be squished. Oh, with a press. Oh, this is this is not good. Look, look out. You're going to get squished. Sandy is Oh yeah. Oh yeah. She is getting smooshed. I don't know which one I'd rather have. Acid, the spikes, or the smooshing. Whichever one's the fastest is the one I'm in for. Maybe the acid. Yeah, I think you're right. But I don't think you die right away. Like you'd have you'd just be getting like boiled alive for quite a while. Like they'd all be terrible. But now what's this one's name? Squidward. This one's going to get dropped an anvil on top of their head. This is going to be interesting. Yeah, Squidward. I don't think you need to be saying yes, bro, cuz you're about to get smoo. Yeah, you're dead. You're dead. That' probably be the way to go right there cuz I feel like you'd just instantly die. That's true. That was like very, very instant. Okay, now Spongebob. What's Spongebob going to be? It looks like he won. Nothing happens to Spongebob. He just wins and doesn't get smooshed or anything. Well, that's kind of a bummer. Yeah, I was really looking forward to Spongebob getting shredded by a giant shredder, but it looks like he's going to get chopped up. Okay, never mind. He won the last one and then instantly gets destroyed in the next one. Okay. And he got injected with some sort of blob virus. Oh, that's disgusting. He just like turned into like a floating blob of grossness and now he just got electrocuted. That was pretty crazy. Holy smokes, man. Look at this. This is terrible. So, if you w Okay, he just got incinerated or disintegrated. Spongebob just totally got vaporized right there. And now he's going to get hit with a How did he just shatter like he was glass? I thought he was a sponge. Yeah, me too. That was That was kind of funny. But apparently if you win the previous challenge, just get ready to get dominated in the following challenge cuz wow. Seriously, everybody took their time dying once. Now Spongebob is dying a million different ways. Yeah. Um that win is definitely going to cost you. So note to self, if we ever are in a situation like that, let's just make sure we lose in the very first time and then we don't have to worry about this. Yeah. I think this video should have been called a million ways to kill Spongebob because this is turning into some sort of I don't know just craziness. I don't get the last one there. So, it's just a whole bunch of Spongebobs just Oh, they're going to fall into a shredder now. Oh, man. Okay, this is going to be crazy. We got a spin wheel. I love spin wheels. And it's going to land on Oh, looks like Squidward is next. Are you insane? Yep. He's getting smooshed. Oh gosh. Yeah, that just be so horrible. Like I watched Amy and everybody go through this and it's it's bad. Okay. And next is going to be Oh, that one again. You want some of this? I I think her name is Sandy. Sandy Cheeks. She's uh she's like Spongebob's friend. She's like a scientist. Okay. And that makes sense because she has to be underwater. So, she's wearing some sort of suit. I like how the the helmet was like made of jelly. Like it wasn't actually glass, so it didn't like like shatter right away. But in the last one, it did shatter when she was getting smooshed. Robots. Oh, yeah. You're right. I wonder if they like change models or something like that for like different smooshing and stuff like that. And this dude's name is Patrick, right? Yeah. Patrick's a Patrick's a starfish, and he's like he's one of my favorite characters cuz he's absolutely hilarious. He's really dumb, but he's absolutely one of the funniest. Oh, here we go. Looks like Oh, I thought Spongebob was going to be next, but nope. It's It's uh the crabs guy. How does it miss Spongebob when there's like he's on that spin wheel like three times. So, it's like I'm surprised it missed him so many times in a row. Yeah, Spongebob's obviously a cheater. That's how come he keeps winning, but like we said before, it doesn't look like winning is a good thing. Yeah, dude. This is this is wild. Like, it I don't know. Getting shredded would be such a terrible way to go. Oh, here we go. Looks like Spongebob won a free ride. So, he won again. Now he's gonna get killed like a thousand different ways. And Sy's the one that's going to shoot him. Okay, got it. I'm not going to lie, Sy's got some pretty good aim with whatever that was. She hit it in the first try. Okay, now he's going to get squished between these like rectangle things. Okay, so nothing yet. This is kind of satisfying, though. Oh, dude, he just got dropped onto a whole bunch of knives and then fell into acid. That was probably one of the most gruesome deaths I've ever seen ever. Oh my gosh, dude. You're right. I'm still like my mouth is like dropped. He hit all the knives and then got put into acid. That was horrible. And now what is this? They're just going through different sized tubes here. Is this a vacuum? Oh no. It's dropped a whole bunch of electric jellyfish all over them. That was Oh, that was crazy. Like this is pretty bad, too. Just getting stuffed in here and you'll never get out. You're just going to get stung forever until you die. Okay, that's that's pretty bad. And she's just waving the whole time. She This is pretty gross. And and there she is. Like I said, a very good aim with that. That's true. And oh wait, here we go. Now he's going to fall into a golden shredder. I mean, if you're going to get shredded by something, it might as well be a golden shredder, you know? Yeah. I don't know if that makes any sense because from what I understand, gold is actually pretty soft. I mean, that's true, but I mean, it's still a lot harder than like, you know, flesh, so I think you'd be dead regardless. Oh, check it out. He just fell on top of a whole bunch of magnet SpongeBobs. Oh no, those aren't magnets. Maybe they're Orbeez. Maybe they're a bunch of Orbeez and he just felt Okay, that's pretty satisfying watching the glass break and all the things fall there. That's That's pretty cool. Those must be some incredibly strong Orbeez to be able to just shatter glass like that. Okay, now we're spinning around. What could possibly be next? I need to know. There was a Princess Peach on that thing for some reason. I don't know what that means, but Okay, now it looks like he's getting Oh, I thought he was going to get sucked into a to a vacuum chamber, but no, it looks like a spring of some sort. That didn't make any sense. It's like a squishing spring. So, like he just got squished instantly and then died. Okay, it looks like it's not random. It looks like that selector thing really wanted to choose Patrick right there. Hi there. What just happened? Like, what was that? Like, he fell onto those things that then turned into slime. That was the one weird weirdest things I've ever seen. And that was some sort of acid fog that just totally turned Spongebob into a skeleton. I've never seen Spongebob as a skeleton before. Oh, here we go. Fat Princess Peach. So, she's going to get turned into Okay. Oh, wow. Now she just got shrank. I don't know what I just saw. I think she just got vacuum suctioned in her own chamber there like a submarine under the ocean. Oh, dude. This is going to be a Thanos thing. like a Thanos snap or whatever and he turned into bubbles. So, he got Thanos snapped into a bunch of bubbles. Got it. Plankton wins. And yeah, what's up with the fat Princess Peach there? And dude, this guy just won. I mean, Plankton's the bad guy, so I don't know how that was. Oh, yeah. This is the superhero Spongebob. This is kind of funny. Whoa, Buff Spongebob. I I I'm I'm very disturbed right now. Buff Spongebob is getting sucked into this shredder when Buff Spongebob is technically a superhero so he could just break out of there but he didn't. It looks like everybody's going to get shredded at the same time here. This is actually very satisfying if if I must say. So you got Mermaid Man, Spongebob, and then a bunch of little tiny Patricks that are also getting shredded with him. And this one's not having it. It's like no, don't do it. Don't do it. Looks like that Patrick figured out how to beat the system. He's like, if I hold on right here, I won't get shredded. I think that's the only character we've seen so far that fell into the shredder but survived it. That's just that's impressive. Well, I'm glad it was Patrick because he's pretty cool. And there we go. There was the skeleton Spongebob again. It did not last very long. Skeleton Spongebob is apparently made of I don't know what it just broke into a bunch of And this is the same thing. Okay. That was a Flintstone Spongebob if I'm not mistaken. I mean, yeah. Yeah, you're right. It's like a Flintstones or caveman Spongebob or whatever. Yeah, you're right. Okay. And 3:28 a.m. Bad stuff happens here. Wait, was that a Delorean? That was a Delorean right there that just drove by and took off Patrick's skin. Looks like that Delorean can definitely go 90 mph. And it does not end well. Isn't it 88 mph? Isn't that the thing that that makes it do that? Yeah, that's true. And now it looked like he got turned into shiny lava later. I don't know. It It did. Oh, wait. Here we go. Here we go. This is going to be great. He's going to get ran over by this gigantic tire. There's there's no way you're surviving this. Now, was that a gigantic tire or is Patrick just very small? I mean, if you think about it, Patrick is really small anyways because he's technically just a starfish, you know. And wait, that's not a Delorean. It's just a car that looks like a Delorean. No, that looks like a Honda Celica Toyota thingy. Didn't you used to drive a Honda Celica back in the day? I'm pretty sure you did. Wait a minute. Did I just see something that I wasn't supposed to see? That was very disturbing. Yeah, Patrick lost his pants right there. I don't I think I could have definitely gone without that, but you know what? Whatever. Okay, finally it's lunchtime. What are we going to eat? I don't know. These guys are ready for something. Uh they're going to have like a big something's going to fall in the whole restaurant or what is this? Okay, they're cooking burgers underwater, which doesn't really make much sense, but I'm just going to go with it. I mean, is that the Oh, that's the super super mega hot sauce. Okay, so someone's going to get that hot sauce burger and like explode or something. I'm not going to lie. I'm a big fan of hot sauce. I It doesn't bother me at all. I'll eat any kind of hot sauce ever. I know you can. That's That's crazy. I can barely like handle any hot sauce. Depends on the day, though. Okay, now that's just way too many hamburgers there. I don't think anybody wanted that many hamburgers. I don't know, man. Have you ever tried a Krabby Patty before? I hear they're absolutely amazing. Like that runs the whole show, basically. Krabby Patties. So that means these are actually crabs. This is Is that mean he's a cannibal? No, it's not. It's not. Like there's not crab inside the Krabby Patties. They're just called the Krabby Patties because that's the name of the restaurant. Okay, make sure you guys all hit that like and subscribe button and let's watch another video right over here. Yes, I love this one right here. You guys have got to click the one on the top. That one's my favorite.