# Sonic and Shadow Vs 9,918,125 Feet Fall!

Dude, today we are going to watch us fall off buildings and rag doll. What do you mean rag dolls, bro? I don't want to watch no video about dolls. No, that's not what I mean. We're going to like flail around and just Never mind. Just get ready for this. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. Here we go. And wait a second. Why am I red right there? There's two of me. This is weird. You're right. That's not Knuckles. That's a red Sonic. And wa, I just knocked you guys off this whole building. Dude, this is so cool. And for Hang on. So, wait a second. The entire city is underneath water right now. Wow. Somebody must have left the water on. Could you imagine if there was something that Oh, wait. There's a trampoline right there. Come on. Hit that. Yeah, that was so satisfying. Wow. That was probably one of the highest bounces I've ever seen. And now you're going to land on top of my head. Oh man. Come on. Here we go. Are we going to make it all the way to the water right now? Go, go, go. I I got this. I got this. Oh, come on. Wow, that was a pretty sweet bounce off of that rock right there, Sonic. I don't understand how it happened, but I saw it happen. That was pretty cool. Wait, hang on. There's a Looks like Supersonic and a regular like a mustard looking Sonic. Dude, this is this is crazy to look at. Wow. I can't believe I just totally knocked everybody off the side of that building. Good thing that the city is still flooded. That is a really good point. Could you imagine like all the animals in the water right there? Hey, wait a second. Do I really know how to drive this bulldozer? Sonic, you don't have your excavator or skid steer license, whatever that is. And look out, dude. You're about to knock all of me over that edge. Oh, wait. Hang on a second. Look at this thing that's like surrounding us. It looks like it was like built in Minecraft or whatever. Wow. What I don't understand is how come we're all falling faster than that bulldozer? I'm pretty sure that I was falling faster than you. Like that's I mean obviously I was but I'm just saying I it looked like I was for sure. Probably because you have heavy magnets on your shoes. That's how you stand on top of the of your airplane. Called the tornado. I've told you this like a hundred times. I don't know how you still don't remember that. I can't believe we didn't have the tornado right there. We could have totally saved ourselves. And look, this dude's just welding over here on the edge. This gu doesn't have any safety ropes. So, that guy was using a jackhammer in on some pipes that were like barely floating in midair. Like, how is this guy licensed to do that? I don't know, but looks like he's probably going to get his license taken away. I'm just hoping that I could hit some water here pretty soon. Oh, dang it. I was hoping you'd like hit one of those rocks and then get shot up in the air 30 ft like I did earlier. Those rocks are pretty bouncy. How come you always get to land on the trampolines and then onto trucks that I just happen to be standing on? No, it's you and your twin that are standing on that truck. And plus, how did they get that trampoline up there in the first place? I'm telling you, dude, there's got to be a helicopter around there somewhere. Okay, now what am I going to do? This looks like a giant diving board. Oh, no, it's not. It's a It's a slide. Dude, I would love to have a Look at you just laying there like a dead fish. You're like, "Well, it's all right. My My life is over. I'm just going to fall into this water. Uh-oh. Did you see that? Someone just popped the cap. Like, what do you call it? A packet of ketchup. Um, yeah. I don't think that was ketchup, bro. I'm pretty sure that was you like just bleeding all over the place when you hit that. So, wait a minute. Who was driving that car? I didn't see anyone driving that car. Obviously, it was a ghost. It was definitely a ghost 100%. Okay, now I still don't understand why this whole city just happens to be like 100 ft underwater. Oh, I can't believe I just hit that crane. Oh, you want to talk about magnets, dude? This is what we call magnets. There's no way that we should be on top of this plane if we didn't have magnet shoes on. I'm just saying. You painted your tornado and you took away one of the wings. Um, yeah. I don't think that's the tornado, man. Actually, I know it's not the tornado. And the fact that there's two jets on it as well, that'd be that'd be something. Okay, maybe you're using that golden tornado to put all the trampolines and bulldozers on top of this building. Whoa, how did I just jump like that? Dude, hang on. You're going to hit that. Oh, you're going to do it. Wa! That was actually pretty impressive, bro. You like went up all the way and landed in that like minecart looking thing, you know? I'm not going to lie. When I'm falling, I've got pretty decent aim. How do you know that you have decent aim when you're falling? Like, how do you even like like gravity doesn't work that way, bro? Well, it kind of sort of does. You see this green Lamborghini that I'm just standing on that's floating in the middle of the air? You know, that's just part of my gravity. I I don't really think that makes sense at all. But you know what? Look at how Look at that. I just kicked you off of there on my little tiny motorcycle. Why are you kicking me with like these sidekicks off the side of this cliff? I thought we were friends now. I mean, we are friends, but look at this. Everybody. Hiya. Take that. That was pretty great. I love this. Where'd this little bike come from? I'm not sure, but I'm hoping that the next scene I get to do a little roundhouse to your face off of a building. Um, I don't think you're going to need to do a roundhouse because I'm just going to drive off this thing all completely by myself. I guess I could have uh seen that coming. You're not a really good driver, I guess. Well, I don't think I really need to drive many places, bro. I can like run at light speed, so I don't really think it's necessary for me to have a driver's license, you know? You know, I think this should all be a lesson to everybody to just be careful when you're standing on top of highrises, especially if your whole city is underwater. Um, I don't know if anybody's really ever going to experience that in their entire lives, dude. Because, you know, standing on top of a high-rise, I feel like, is like, you know, pretty pretty uh, you know, not safe. You know, I'm just trying to prepare everybody for the real world. Okay, now on top of a floating trailer. What's inside of those drums? Oh, nice. Look at that slide, bro. This slide has got to be the most satisfying slide I have ever seen. By the way, we do not go down enough slides. I'm just saying. You know, I think you're right. I think we should ditch some of these trampolines and swap them for slides. Wa! Look at me. I actually have some pretty decent aim with the trampolines, too. Oh, hang on. Is that That's a truck with a whole bunch of Miis in it, isn't it? Yep, it is. It is. Okay, this is this is pretty great. Oh, there we go. Pop in all those ketchup packets again. Look out, dude. There's no water down there, dude. Look at this. We're Hey, look at all the all the rag dolls that are happening. And yep, you're dead 100%. Ouch. How did we go from the flooded city all the way to the Grand Canyon in like 2 seconds? Dude, like I said, light speed, bro, and chaos control. We can just go anywhere we want, man. apparently in this world. Oh, you're dead. You know what I'm thinking? After this, I could probably use a much softer pillow to sleep on because my head's going to hurt. Oh, wait. Here we climbing up to the top of this. Oh, never mind. There was Oh, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Hit that trampoline again. Yeah. Okay. I wonder how long it took that person to do that. Oh, man. A trampoline into a pool. Now, that's what I'm talking about. This pool has got to be a lot deeper than this cuz I'm pretty sure even if we hit it at that speed, we'd still be done for. I'm not sure whose pool that is, but it's actually a really nice pool. Hopefully, we could use it again this summer. And is that an In-N-Out Burger right there? Man, I could go for an In-N-Out Burger right now. That sounds delicious. Oh, here we go. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. When did Hang on. Hang on. So, those bulldozers had like nitrous oxide or something that like hit us like at like a million miles an hour. That was crazy. I've never seen a bulldozer go so fast, especially when nobody's driving, dude. Seriously, though. And wait, is this thing seriously straight down? Like, why even have a ramp if it just goes straight down? You know what I mean? It's the world's deepest slide. It's supposed to make you go Mach 5 by the time you hit the water. I'm pretty sure the G's would like kill anybody. Look at this. Look at how far up in the air this is. This is crazy. I'm sure this probably wouldn't be allowed in a water park. Good thing it's just on a YouTube video. This wasn't a water park. I'm pretty sure this would get banned immediately because uh you'd go like 200 mph. I am not really sure what I just watched, but what I am sure of is the video that's on the screen right now. I really think you guys are going to love that. So, just go ahead and click it. Come on. You know, you want to