# Fleetway Super Sonic Vs Sonic EXE!!

Today we're going to be checking out Fleetway Supersonic versus Sonic .exe. Well, my money's on Fleetway because I cannot stand Sonic .exe. I don't know, man. Sonic .exe is kind of overpowered in my opinion. Anyways, how about everybody watching this video hits that like and subscribe button and let's find out who the strongest one is. Oh, wow. We're just jumping right into this. It looks like I'm going to become Supersonic run up the bat in this animation. Okay. Is there a part that we missed? Cuz I really feel like there's a part that we missed. How am I supposed to know, man? I'm watching this for the first time, just like you. I don't know, man. You have like a weird intuition when it comes to stuff like this. I get that we're watching a Supersonic animation, but the Chaos Emeralds don't give me the ability to see into the future. Bro, I never said that they did. You know what? Never mind. Forget it. No wonder everybody is so afraid of Sonic exe. He's like 10 times bigger than everyone. Is it just me or are Tails's tails like way bigger than they're supposed to be? No, I think you're definitely right. His tails are way bigger than they should be. That's for sure. I mean, no offense to Knuckles or Tails or anything, but they should be nowhere near this fight right now. Knuckles and Tails are fine, bro. They can totally handle themselves. Speaking of getting handled, man, Sonic Exe just got destroyed by you right there. Nice work. And it looks like I shrank him a few sizes when I punched him, too. That's hilarious. Okay, I don't know what Sonic Exe is thinking right here, but throwing rocks at Supersonic, I don't think is going to get the job done. You make a pretty good point. Unless you're throwing a spirit bomb-sized rock at me. Let's see how this goes. Did you seriously just make a spirit bomb reference? You bet I did, bro. Nice work. Oh, take that, bro. Looks like I caught that giant rock with one hand. Bet you didn't see that coming. And then you're going to fly it right into his face. Is he dead now? Oh, wait. No, never mind. I guess apparently he can shoot out like laser beams from his hands or whatever. Shooting laser beams from my hands has always been one thing that I've always wanted to do. What are you talking about, bro? You shoot chaos spears all the time. Yeah, but there's something about chaos spheres that just doesn't feel quite right. You know what I mean? No, I have no idea what you mean. A chaos spear is basically a laser beam, bro. Wait, what just happened to Sonic exe? He like absorbed all those like balls or something and he became the sun. I don't get it. Yeah, I don't really get it either, but apparently I don't really care very much because I'm just holding it back with one hand. And once again, I don't know what Knuckles and Tails are going to do when Super Sonic can't even put away Sonic exe. I don't get it. Maybe it took all three of our powers combined to like take him out. I don't know. Wait, that's what happens when you defeat Sonic exe? He just turns into a bunch of rings. Um, yeah, I guess so. And wait a second. What's happening here? Oh, check it out. I just summoned a gigantic chili dog, I guess. Wait, did we just switch over to another animation? Cuz I don't remember Knuckles sleeping on the Master Emerald. Yeah, I think that's exactly what just happened, bro. Beware of floating red rings because they're bad for your health, I guess. Oh, wow. I was not expecting that. Apparently, Sonic exe is still alive inside of the red ring. So, you guys never actually killed him. He just like went to another dimension or something like that. Um, yeah, I think that actually makes sense, dude. And is he turning the Master Emerald red to like make it evil or something? Well, I mean, if you can turn rings red, I mean, it only makes sense for him to be able to turn the Master Emerald red, too. Knuckles in his base form stands zero chance against Sonic Exe. I'm sorry. Especially one that can shoot laser beams from his hand. The funny thing is that's probably the weakest ability that he has because he can like alter realities and stuff like that. But come on, man. He's not even a canon character. They can make up whatever abilities they want for him to have, you know? I mean, I guess so, but it still makes him pretty strong. Hang on a second. So, is Sonic going to absorb like the dark energy from the Master Emerald, or is he going to just Okay, never mind. He's just going to be Supersonic. I think that's exactly what Sonic exe wanted me to do. Check it out. I'm getting like corrupted or something like that. Oh, this is where you turn into Fleetway Supersonic. Got it. Okay, for a second I forgot what the title of this video was. My bad. Here's the thing. At least regular Supersonic has a conscience. Fleetway Supersonic doesn't care if you live or die. So, this was probably a bad idea on Sonic Exe's part, bro. Weren't you just glazing how strong Sonic exe is, and now you're going to talk about how strong Fleetway Supersonic is? Come on, man. Pick a side. I'm just saying, dude. Fleetway Supersonic is really really strong and he's ruthless just like Sonic exe. Oh, and apparently he can use the red rings to like teleport his fists and stuff. That's kind of a cool ability. I don't know which one I'd rather have. That or being able to shoot laser beams through my eyes like Superman? This is pretty cool, man. Wait a second. Is there a Fleetway version of me? I'm just curious. You know what? I don't think there is, but if there ends up being one, I'll let you know. I got a question. So, who is Fleetway Supersonic anyway? Is it just like an evil version of you or something like that? Sort of. Fleetway. Supersonic is supersonic but in the Fleetway comics. So your strongest form is evil in that comic series. I don't get it. Think of it like the Hulk. If I transform into Supersonic, I like can't protect my friends and family and like innocent people and stuff. Oh, okay. Got it. That makes a lot more sense. How much power is inside of that Master Emerald? It turns me into Fleetway and it makes Sonic exe like massive apparently. I mean, it's called the Master Emerald for a reason, so probably quite a bit, bro. Oh, here's that sun attack again that I'm apparently going to stop with this laser beam. So, this should be interesting. Nope, it doesn't look like it. Sonic Exe apparently has a bigger laser beam. Nope. It looks like I have a bigger laser beam cuz I can shoot it from both hands. Now, you know what I don't get is why you wouldn't just start with shooting it from both hands. And now you can shoot it from your eyes, too. Why wouldn't you just start by doing that? All comics and TV shows do this, bro. You don't want to start with your best abilities because that would make it so a person wouldn't watch till the end. You know what I mean? I think I'm going to have to disagree with that because if a fight started out with you blasting somebody with three beams, pretty sure I'd stayed till the end of that one. Wait, so Tails is flying the tornado and Metal Sonic is following it. What's going on? Did I miss something? No, I think it just switched to another animation where Metal Sonic is following Tails now. Is Tails seriously trying to race Metal Sonic in the tornado? Yeah, I think that's exactly what's happening. And I don't think Metal Sonic is going to let that go. Yeah, I don't think so either. It looks like he's going to shoot Tails out of the tornado. Yep, that's exactly what happened. I know you're going to say something along the lines of, "Hey, my little buddy is strong enough to do this, but bro, he stands zero chance against Metal Sonic." I'm just saying. I mean, judging how the last one turned out, maybe he like touches the Master Emerald and becomes Super Tales or something like that. You never know. I mean, I guess so. I just don't see Tails becoming Super Tales in this animation. That's all I'm saying. But maybe I spoke too soon cuz it looks like Oh, wait, never mind. I guess I'm coming to save the day. Okay, that's cool. See, look. Even you inside the animation didn't think that Tails would be able to defeat Metal Sonic all by himself. Just because I came to help him doesn't mean that I don't think that he could actually do it. And wait, are you headbutting a character that's completely made out of metal? Not your smartest moment, dude. Bro, what are you talking about? Like 85% of the time when I use a spin dash, I hit the bad guys with my head. Oh yeah, what am I talking about? I guess that is a pretty good point. Never mind. That has got to be one of the slowest laser beams that I have ever seen. Look, I have like 10 minutes to get out of the way. I don't get why Metal Sonic doesn't just shoot you with something else. I mean, he has like a million different weapons that he can choose from. You know what's funny about Metal Sonic is that he is easily one of the strongest characters in the franchise because he can copy everybody else's ability, but for some reason, he just doesn't. I think this goes back to what we talked about earlier. If someone has the ability to destroy you in one move, they probably don't because it would be too easy, you know? Yeah, you make a good point because right here I could just turn into Supersonic and destroy him in 1 second, but then again, this video wouldn't be very long if I did that. I can use Chaos Control, stop time, and literally destroy him in like one move. Are we seriously battling with spin dashes right now? I don't see how I don't win this because that's like my main move. I don't think it's going to make much of a difference because Metal Sonic is about to destroy you with this Iron Man blast or whatever. No way, dude. Tails is totally going to take him out right here. Check it out. See? Told you. Oh, come on, dude. Are you seriously telling me that Tails is going to take on Metal Sonic one-on-one right now? This is so not realistic. I don't know what you're talking about, man. Tails uses spin dashes all the time. I mean, he's used it almost as long as I have. I'm just saying for as strong as Metal Sonic is, I don't think that Tails has enough power to take them all by himself. You know what I mean? Okay, I guess that sort of makes sense, but barely. Anyways, everybody, make sure you click that like and subscribe button and click one of the videos that's on the screen right now.