# Sonic Prime Stunts In REAL Life!!

Today we're going to check out another one from Nick Pro. Sonic stunts from Sonic Prime in real life. Wo, this is going to be insane. The only thing that would have made it better is if it was Shadow Stunts in real life. Trust me, this is going to be awesome. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button, and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. I can't wait for this, man. That was pretty good. I must say, we don't really need jumped springboards or inflatables to do these stunts, but hey, if he needs it, we'll let him use it. I love that shirt that he has on. That thing is really cool. Like I wonder where he bought that. I've never seen hair that red before except for when I look at myself in the mirror. Okay, so he's going to jump up and land on this with a front flip. Oh, double front flip. Okay, that's pretty cool. Well, front flip. I think I could do that if I tried. It didn't look that hard. Well, I know you can, but humans have a different like skeletal structure than us. Like, we have a much easier time doing this stuff. That's true. And also, in real life, gravity seems to be a lot more powerful. Exactly. Like these guys have to use like trampolines and stuff to get this much height when you and I don't really need to do that. We just can jump that height, you know, cuz we're aliens. This is pretty insane that he can actually pull off some of these moves. Look, each time is getting harder and harder. Man, he almost had that one. That was so cool. I remember last time when he did this. Like some of the stuff that he does is so impressive. I love that you get to see him try and you also get to see him fail. It's not like, "Hey, I'm going to cut out all the bad stuff. I'm going to show you the real struggle. Well, do you remember the last video that we watched? Like Nick Pro did all these like things to land on a grind rail with his soap shoes. It was so cool. It took him like 200 tries. Yeah, you got to give this guy a lot of credit for how hard he tries for these videos. It's pretty insane. I don't think anybody else can do this. Well, Nick Pro is huge, dude. He's like one of the biggest YouTubers on the planet. He has like 27 million subscribers, bro. Oh, I thought you meant he was huge like in size. I was like, "No, he totally looks like an averagesized dude to me." I mean, as far as like YouTubenness goes, the guy's got like a jab billion subscribers. That's a real number. I just made that up. I think it would be so cool to be like that. Imagine having your own trampoline park. It's like, what would you do all day? Think of how fun that would be. Like, there'd be no reason why we wouldn't be playing any uh Roblox games. We'd just be jumping on a trampoline park all the time. That's true. And we'd probably stay in incredible shape, too. Now, does this guy have another foam pit, too? I think he does. I'm pretty sure. Oh, hang on. He's going to do this. Okay, this is going to be insane. I don't know if he's going to be able to pull this one off. This looks like it's going to be a little hard. Okay, so that that like rectangle thing is supposed to be Knuckles. Like, I'm like saving Knuckles as he's jumping. Okay, I get it. Well, it is red like Knuckles. It they could have probably taped a couple of uh punching bags or punching gloves to it and look a little bit more accurate. That's true. Okay, so we're doing three flips off of some trees. Are you going to stay inside while you do this? Please tell me you're going to do that to do that. Oh, it'd be cool if you went outside and really tried jumping off of trees cuz then when he failed, it'd be really hard. But I still want to make Oh, hang on. So, he did the three flips just on the same trampoline. I don't think it was that insane cuz I know he's way more talented than that. Here's the proof. Okay, so now he's got the spin wheel and it's telling us which one he's going to do next. And this one with is hands behind his back is is pretty insane. Okay, that's pretty impressive. I mean, doing the three back flips with tied up hands is pretty tough. We might as well try it. Now, what does he have to do this with one leg? Wa! He stayed on one leg. That's pretty insane. Oh, wow. I I don't even think I can do three back uh three front flips with one leg. Like, that's that's pretty cool. We got this. Okay, this guy is really good. Challenge completed. Okay, now what is he going to do? He's going to jump from one thing to another to another and then run. Twisting and flipping. Okay, so he's going to twist and then do another flip. Got it. So, he's going to jump through the spikes. I'm going to recreate it using two tricks. Okay, this is going to be interesting. Where's he going to get the spikes from? Oh, he's using cones, which still looks like it hurt if you landed on him. I mean, that's a good point. Luckily, those things aren't like bolted to the floor. I think they'd be a lot worse if they were. So, if he hits them, I think you'll just like fall over, you know? Did you see that? He cleared it by like 2 in. No, he didn't. He went right between the cones. That was almost a fail. Double backflip. That's true, dude. We got to practice with cones a lot more often instead of like real spikes. You know what I mean? I feel like that'd be a lot safer. It probably would be a lot safer, but also too, I think by having him real spikes makes us try just that much harder. That's a good point. He just did a double back flip that easily. That's impressive. Normally, like I said, humans can't do that. Usually, if you're talented, you're pretty cool. But when you're talented and you have red hair like that, that makes you way cooler. I think when you're talented with that kind of shirt, I think it's just that much cooler. But now to go even lower. Yeah, I guess you're right. So now he's jumping between both of them. Oh, that would not work. He totally hit the top of that. If those were real spikes, he would have lost both of his feet. That's what I said. Yeah, I was like, oh, there he goes. There's his foot is now chopped off completely. Okay, so it looks like he finally met his match. Oh, never mind. Looks like he completed it. Nope. No, he didn't. That That was it. That was it for sure right there. What do you mean? Hang on. He didn't. Okay, so now he's Oh, he's just making it shorter and shorter. Got it. So, he's just making it more and more difficult, but the more difficult it is, the easier it is for him. See, I told you, make it hard. I think this guy used to be a stunt uh like a stunt man for something. I don't know what, but I'm pretty sure he was a stunt man for like some sort of movie or whatever. I don't remember. I think he did all your stunts. I know. I mean like like a stunt man for movies and stuff. Like I know he's doing my stunts, but I think he was like a real life stunt man. That was it. Yeah, this guy could totally be my stunt double. No, he's not going to be your stunt. I'm saying a stunt double for like a real like like an action movie. Like not a Sonic the Hedgehog movie, you know? But Okay. Yeah, whatever. Let's see what he's going to do next. Is he going to spin his spin wheel or what? I don't know. He's going to land on this and he's going to Oh, he's going to Oh, he's just supposed to land it. Okay, got it. Oh, there we go. There's the example. I must have missed that when you were talking my ear off. Well, I'm just telling you, bro. Like, he was he's not going to be a stunt double for a hedgehog. That doesn't make any sense. Back flip like this. Well, he does have red hair like some hedgehog that I know. But then he doesn't look like a hedgehog though. He might have red hair, but he couldn't pass for a hedgehog, bro. Maybe be teamed up with those movie theater guys. He could wear a good enough costume. Okay, so now he's going to do a back flip off of here into a handspring to land on his back. That didn't work. Okay, that's kind of dangerous. Like he does the back flip and then he kicks his feet off the wall of the Look at this right here. That's close. That was completely insane. He did one part of it without even using his hands. Look, a double back flip and the second flip was no hands. Like that is that's pretty nuts. I hope you guys are as excited as I'm not going to lie. This guy moves so insane. I've never seen anybody do flips and stuff like this guy. So, he's going to do a double Webster, whatever that is. So, this is the hardest trick that he's going to try to complete. All right, this should be interesting. It took him a few times to get that double cone thing together. How long is it going to take him to get this one down? That's a good point. I'm just really curious if this is his actual like his own thing. I think it is. Laws of motions I think is like his own like warehouse. I'm pretty sure this is his bedroom. And if you go to his living room, it's probably a whole bunch of like, I don't know, rings and stuff that he can swing around from. Bro, if that was my bedroom, that'd be so cool, man. I guess you could possibly sleep on any of those pads. So, really, the whole thing is kind of like a big bedroom. So, he's got to do the double front flip with his legs separated something something on top of this platform or whatever. So, hit that like button. It feels like the most of his hard stunts are easy for him and then the easy stunts are hard for him. Everything is just backwards. Oh my gosh, look at this. Come on, you can do it. Oh, that's so close. I don't even know if I could land on that thing so small. Oh, he almost had it. I can't even tell how many times he's flipping around in a circle. One, two. Wa! I can't believe it. He just nailed it. That was insane. That was really impressive. Okay, man. Watching this guy is just so much fun. You know what I mean? Yeah. One thing that's crazy though is I thought your stunts were pretty good, but the fact that this human can totally go through and copy every single one of them, that's even more insane. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button, and let's watch another video together right over here. Oh, dude, that one's actually one of my favorites. Click that one.