# Fake VS REAL Sonic!!

What is this? Is it like Sonic in real life or something? No idea, bro, but fake versus real Sonic. Let's go. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. All right, so it looks like they're at a movie theater or something. Um, that's what it looks like. And hang on. You see all the other movie posters? And apparently I just turned into a guy with a jacket on. Okay. Holy. Looks like you have uh some sort of makeup on your face. Um, so far this is looking really hilarious. Yeah, I guess so. And is he moonwalking? I mean, I I don't really know how to moonwalk that well, but that didn't really look like a great moonwalk to me. Oh, Sonic, I really like your dance moves and especially your Letterman's jacket there. Is that your face on the back? Hang on. Why is Eggman invited and all of us are also invited, so that's that's I feel like that's not very fair. Okay, something's wrong here. He's not letting you into the movies. Maybe you don't have your ticket or something. Or maybe he's like, "Hey, you're not the real Sonic. I'm married." Yeah, I'm wondering this, too. Look at all the posters in the background, too. It's like they like remade all the posters in their own way. Like, I guess that's pretty cool. This is pretty good. I was I didn't know what I was going to look at, but it looks like it's actually a pretty high budget production here. Can you imagine how fast you'd be falling if you just fell forever? Because technically, you'd just start, you know, getting enough speed to just keep on going. So, you'd start going like super fast if you kept falling like that. We need to get if you fall from high enough, do you think you can just like fall all the way through the earth? I mean, with a spin dash, I feel like it's super possible. Who's this guy? Are you kidding me? Is this supposed to be me? No way. Looks like you've got some skates right there. No, you're just running really fast right now, like with a pin wheel or something. And you got some things stuck to your head. I think those are Nerf bullets. They do look like Nerf bullets. I Dude, this guy's got to be so hot, too. Like, look at that jacket. That thing's got to be super warm. This movie theater guy is like, "Hey, this guy looks like Sonic. Sure, you can come into the movie theater." But when it was actually you, he wasn't letting you in. Poor thing. Yeah, I know that. That's That is true. I like how they have like a little like what is that? A little couch right there just hanging out. What? Oh, wait a minute. Is that supposed to be Amy Rose? I thought the other girl was Amy Rose. So, you have Amy Rose and Amy Rose? No, I think that other girl is just some generic girl to be standing there and to like uh I don't know, tell people where to go. Oh, got it. Okay, now they're having an electric stare. I don't know what that is, but doesn't look uh doesn't look that good. Oh, here we go. Amy just brought her hammer out. Now she's gonna assault this guy. This is gonna end well. Someone's going to call the cops. She's going to pound him into the ground because he said that she can't go in. I don't feel like that's that fair. You know, something tells me that I wouldn't want that job. This guy looks like he's just like a bouncer at a club or something trying to let people in and not let people in. I don't understand what's going on. And then we have another Amy Rose. That's okay. I not going to lie. This Amy Rose uh doesn't look like that Amy Rose. Just saying. Okay, this is what's happening now. I'm getting it. This guy here is trying to get into the movie by pretending to be everybody else and it's just not working. I think this guy's on to him. So, is this Are we going to get like Sonic Movie 3 in real life or is it just these guys trying to get into the movie theater? Well, I think eventually they're going to maybe get in and then we're going to see Sonic in real life. I I don't know. This is This is a little weird, but I'm still watching. And this guy's wearing tights, too. That's got to be That That's got to be uncomfortable. Now they're in a box. I I'm not sure what's happening now. Did they just turn into a game? Oh, he's going to play whack-a-ole with Amy's hammer. That's interesting. I mean, if I was those two people in the box, I would literally just stay in there. Like, there's no point to even pop your head out. Just stay in there so he can't hit you. You know, that's what I'm saying. If you know you're going to get whacked when you stick your head out, why would you stick your head out? That just that's that's not smart at all. Oh, bro, this has got to be the greatest thing ever. This is totally you right now. Okay, this is hilarious. I don't know, bro. I look totally emo right now. But I don't know. That jacket is pretty sick. I just love that this they got you pegged as an edge lord like big time right now. Like this is this is actually hilarious. Wait a minute. This guy doesn't want to let me in. Come on. That's that's Shadow. You got to let me in, bro. Oh, here we go. I just uh teleported in. That's no problem at all. How dare you? It almost looks like you have bean bags on your shoes. Like look at the bottom. Like you're It's supposed to be like the little tongues of your shoes popping out, but it just looks like bean bags right there. That's hilarious. So far, out of all the characters in this real life movie, mine is definitely the best. Look at me. I just I just totally convinced him and he let me in. No problem. So, you just teleported a few times. He's like, "Okay, can I come in now?" Wait a minute. What is this all about? Is this person trying to be me now? That does not look like me. Wait, is that Are you serious? Is that supposed to be you? Cuz that Oh, yeah, it does. You have the yellow rings around there. I don't get this at all. That's obviously the other dude now. This doesn't even look like me. If he's trying to like, come on, put some effort into it. There's no red. What is this video? Like, what's what's going on? We're just standing here trying to get into this movie theater. I don't get it. This movie theater looks like a burn, dude. First of all, you can't bring a camera in. There's no candy. And of course, no dogs allowed, too. I don't know. What kind of movie theater is this? I'm sorry. If I wouldn't be able to bring any candy into a movie theater, I would probably I would never watch a movie there ever. He just took his mask off and his head spun around. These guys are not good thieves or burglars or or sneaker iners or whatever they're trying to do. It's not working. I mean, that's true. I mean, look at this guy. Like, he this guy loves his job way too much. Oh, and now we have Eggman now. Okay, look at Eggman. He looks pretty funny. That mustache is going into his ears. It kind of looks like it'd be ticklish. I mean, I will say I got to give these guys huge props on their costume design because uh to switch out the costumes this many times and have that many costumes, that's impressive. No, no, no. You're getting it wrong. See, the other two that keep getting busted are the ones that are changing into costumes. All these guys are the actual characters in real life. I mean, that's really Eggman. I mean, I don't know what he's gonna make him push the button on his belt. Oh, don't do it. Don't do it, bro. This is definitely a trick. Oh, there he goes. Now he is forced into pushing the button. And look at that. That's insane. Now he's going to blow his head off. Come in. Oh, he's going to let him in cuz he's like, "Hey, please don't shoot me with all these blasters. Go ahead. Just get in there, man. Just just do it." That movie theater guy was the most scared of Dr. Eggman. Oh, they're going to pretend to be janitors. Dude, the guy's standing right there like he's going to see you guys pretend to be janitors. Yeah, these guys are not sneaky at all. They think that they could just trick this guy, but obviously it's not working. Oh, this is actually a pretty good Eggman. Look at that mop. Wow. Okay, I did not expect this. So, they're not going to be janitors. They're just going to use the things to become them. Okay, got it. Out of all the characters they're trying to pretend to be, though, this is definitely the most uh most convincing armor. And I don't think those blasters are really going to make him scared whatsoever. How do you not see the guy behind him? It's pretty obvious that there's someone standing behind him. But hey, look, you're out of popcorn. Now you got to go get a jelly dog. Well, how did I eat all that popcorn in like a matter of like 6 minutes? Cuz I've only been in there for Well, I guess that's in video time, but who knows? I don't know. I've seen you eat popcorn, hot dogs, and soda all within 3 seconds before, so that's actually quite accurate. And apparently like I think that that's Eggman. Like, you wouldn't think that I would know exactly what Eggman looks like all the time. Like, how would I get confused with that? Oh, wow. Now that guy just got busted. He totally forgot that he was supposed to be Dr. Eggman's arms coming out of his back. And I'm just going to Dude, how do I not see that? That's a person right there. And I just pulled the mustache back and hit him. Like, that's just me being mean right there. Yeah, I'm starting to feel sorry for those two. Obviously, they just want to get into the movie and see. Do they not have money to pay for it or something? If I'm like coming out of the theater wanting some popcorn, why not just be like, "Hey guys, come on. I'll I'll get you in there. Here's, you know, 10 bucks. Oh, here comes Tails. And Tails is a girl. I did not see that coming. And uh this guy's like, "Yeah, go ahead." This is Sonic in real life, dude. Oh, now he's looking at her butt. Okay. Yeah. See, this is why he's going to let her in there. He's like, "Oh, yeah. I can see your butt. Go ahead and go in there." Now, he's trying to get her to twerk her tail around. And I I don't know what's going on right now. This guy is starting to act like a creep, if you ask me. Oh, he wants to see her fly. Okay, I get it. He wants Wait, now he's break dancing so she can fly. Okay. I don't I don't get that. I think he's just trying to impress her. Okay. But he just want So he just wants to see her fly around. Got it. Like it doesn't see that she has two tails right now anyways. How does that not say that she's, you know, tails? This guy's somewhat annoying. He tries to like get everyone to like prove who they are before he even lets him into the movies. Like who is this guy? Like it's just a movie, bro. Like calm down. It costs like what? 10 bucks to go see this movie. You don't need to be so weird about it, you know. Oh, this is hilarious. They totally turned a fan into Tail's tail. This is going to be pretty funny if it works. I'm telling you, bro. The amount of costumes in this video is wild. Like, these guys have so many costumes right now. This is This is actually more impressive than the video itself. It's actually quite impressive how many costumes and also too how fast they can come up with them. And did you see that one? It actually worked. So, these guys are actually pretty smart. I mean, I'd let these guys in just because they're so good at changing out costumes, you know. Check it out. That girl is very strong. She was using that cord to pull that big heavy dude. Wow. Goodness grac Oh, here we go. Now, we got Knuckles looking to come in here. That sounds good. Knuckles. Wow. This Knuckles guy is actually pretty good. I'm I'm not going to lie. He's he's he's a pretty convincing Knuckles. And look, this guy is like, "Huh? Is this Knuckles? Looks like Knuckles. It's got to be Knuckles. Oh, he's got Knuckles written on his jacket, so he definitely must be Knuckles. You know, like no other random person can just put that on their jacket. This guy wants to get punched by Knuckles right now. That's probably not a good idea. Oh, good thing he decided to punch the ground and not punch him because he could have took him out. That's true. I mean, look at that. Uh look at the poster behind him. Like that poster is freaking me out. Oh, this is gross. He just punched a hole into the ceiling and now all that poop smell is going to come out. Great. I mean, I guess so. And also, who wears a jacket with their face on the back of it? Like a gigantic face? That I mean, that's very Knuckles. Never mind. I don't know what I'm talking about. Um, Sonic, do you not remember that you were also wearing a jacket with your own face plastered on the back? Okay. Yeah, I guess that's true. And wait a second. Is this Knuckles? Is that Are those ice cream cones on boxing gloves? Is that what that is? Oh, that's hilarious. Ice cream cones on the end of the knuckles. I mean, that's not going to work. You punch him in the face, he's just going to take a bite out of it. Yeah. Um, you're not going to be able to punch a wall with ice cream cones. I don't think that's really going to work or do anything. Oh, yeah. Go ahead and punch it again cuz that's not going to be the same thing. Sure. Let's It didn't work the first time. So, let's go ahead and try it a second time. She's not convincing anybody. I mean, at this point, if I saw these people try to get into this movie theater this many times and change this many costumes, I'd just let them in. Be like, "Guys, just go in, please." Okay, I know what's going to happen. She's going to spin around and she's going to punch him. There we go. I totally called that. Totally saw that comment. That was the slowest reaction time I have ever seen. That guy like watched her do that for like a solid like 20 seconds first before that actually happened. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button and let's watch another video together right over