# The Most SATISFYING Sonic and Shadow Pancake Art!!

Today we're going to check out some awesome Sonic pancake art. Are they going to let us eat the pancakes afterwards or do they get to eat them? What are you talking about, dude? They're pancakes. Of course they're going to eat them after they're done. All right. Anyway, make sure you guys hit that like and subscribe button and let's watch some Sonic pancake art. Is this going to be me first or is it going to be you first? I don't know, but that looks like a very small pancake. Does look like a small pancake. The fact that they could just make this is just so impressive. You know what I mean? That's true. I mean, all right. I think that's me. Yeah, I think that is me. That's definitely I can tell by the eyes. Yeah, that's true. But look at this. Like, how do they I wonder if they just like do this all freehand or if they're looking at something while they do this cuz this is impressive. I think they have their eyes closed and they're doing it from memory. Dude, if they were doing this completely from memory. Like that. Look at this. That pencil or whatever they're using is just awesome. Oh yeah, that's definitely you. I could tell by the arms. They're so scrawny. Dude, what are you talking about? We have the exact same like sized arms, bro. I don't know. I think mine are slightly bigger. No, they're not. You were like modeled exactly after me. Come on, man. Okay, whatever. But it looks like he's given a hang loose signal. I think so. Maybe I'm like uh maybe I'm on a u like a hoverboard or something like that. Yeah, definitely. Cuz you're wearing gloves. I Dude, I always wear gloves. But you you're right. These gloves do look a little more like hoverboardy style, you know. You know what I meant, dude. Not your normal gloves. is just the the kind with more padding on them. No, I knew what you meant. I know what you meant. Like like kind of like if I'm you know if I'm going to be needing more padding if I'm going to fall or whatever because you're definitely going to fall because you're not quite as skilled as I am. I'm not. Dude, I'm not going to fall. I've been on What are you talking about? I've actually like ridden way more hoverboards than you, bro. All right. Maybe like two or three times more than me, but that's it. Whatever. Anyway, look at this dude. Like how are they like they're like filling all like the little gaps in before they add the rest of the pancake or something? All right. Now, are all these different colors different flavors or is it all the same flavor? That is actually a really good point. Did you imagine like there's like raspberry or strawberry or whatever flavored pancakes? Yeah, I think that'd be just a little bit too much. I'd prefer it all to be one flavor. Yeah, now that you say it out loud, I think that actually makes the most sense cuz it was like all those together. I don't even know how it would really taste. It'd probably be really gross and I'd probably throw up on that pan and that probably wouldn't smell very good. No, that'd be disgusting, bro. Come on. And we're not even talking about this, but it kind of looks a little bit my like me right now. This doesn't look anything like you, bro. Like, especially these colors are way too bright for you. Well, look at the skin complexion. Okay, never mind. Here comes the blue shadows. Yeah, there we go. I kind of like that he did like those like lighter colors like certain parts of my body and then the blue for the rest of it. I think that's going to be really cool. Yeah, it's it's it's definitely looking good. But I bet you the blue flavor just doesn't taste nearly as good as if it was all black. That you just said it that it's probably all the exact same like flavor. Dude, yeah, never mind. I was I was saying what I prefer, but this is probably the reality of the situation. Oh, dude. Look at how good that looks. Are you kidding me right now? Wow. I I have to say that it's actually pretty good. I would eat this in a second. Look at how delicious that looks. I'd probably hang it on my wall if I were you. But yeah, go ahead and eat it. Hang on. Hang on a second. This is probably going to be you cuz I the picture's in the top right corner. It says order. So, I think this is you next. Yeah, I I see that now. Thanks for explaining the obvious. You, dude, you were not looking at the top right corner. You were not. Trust me. You're right. I was actually reading the comments and they're saying that mine's definitely going to be way better than yours. You're not You're not reading the comments. That's impossible. And plus, they would probably all say that mine's way better than yours anyways. Yeah, that's probably not true. But you can you can say that if you want. Okay, everybody watching right now, who's got the better pancake art right now, Shadow or me? Gosh, look. Mine's like maybe 10% done and already looks at least 50,000 times better than your pancake, right guys? 50,000? Where do you get that random number from? That doesn't make any sense, dude. I'm actually pretty good at random numbers and and that's the one that came up in my head. So, I could be wrong. It could be 100,000. A hundred thou? Dude, come on. You're not even making any sense, bro. Oh, that it. Look at my shoes. They're so cool. Wow, look at the detail. Okay, that I'll give to you. I will say that your shoes in the franchise do look the coolest. I mean, I hate to admit it, but you're right. Wow. This is probably going to be the most delicious pancake anybody has ever had. Ever. I mean, I'm pretty sure that both of us are going to taste the exact same, but you know what? It still looks really cool. Yeah, probably. But maybe mine will be at least two or three times better. Whatever, dude. I mean, hey, look at like the accents they're putting like around like certain parts of your body. Like that's just impressive quality, you know? You know what? I was thinking that this should be like probably in the pancake Olympic like committee or something. Dude, could you imagine there was like a part of the Olympics that had like pancake art as like an actual like event? That'd be awesome. There should be like two teams. one that makes the pancakes and the other ones that eat them. And I would definitely want to be on the side that eats them. I mean, I would be too, but I mean, how would they decide on like who gets to eat and who gets to make the pancakes? Okay, now this is just starting to look like ketchup and mustard. I'm a little disappointed in mine. Well, I mean, the person's adding all the accents and stuff to the to the models. I mean, this I think this is going to look really really cool. What's he doing? He just ruined it. I looked so good. Now it just Now it just looks like a blob. No, he's going to flip it over and you're going to look really cool. Check this out. Boom. Dude. Wow. Wait a minute. The Why am I so light? I look I look gray. I look I look old. He aged me at least 100 years. I mean, you are almost 100 years. So, take that. But two, I mean, maybe black just doesn't show up very good on the pan or something. Who knows? Okay, now we're going to do metal. Wait a minute. It's just happening. You can't see his hands. They're just like like just pasting them there. Hang on. What just happened? We missed something. I think he cheated. Dude, he totally did cheat. He just like didn't show us all the cool intricate parts of him making the the Metal Sonic. Who knows? Maybe that part just took too long and it' been way too boring because really nobody likes Metal Sonic. I mean, Metal's actually not too bad nowadays. Like obviously when he first came out he was a little bit mean, but I actually don't mind him anymore. Yeah, I I guess everyone has their own opinions. I mean, but you've never really gotten along with Metal Sonic, so I guess I get it. But this is looking really weird. Yeah, I don't think it's nearly as cool as ours if I'm being honest. I don't know. Maybe. I mean, I guess after the final product here, I guess we'll see what happens. Let's wait for it to bubble and till he flips it over. That part's really cool. Oh, wow. I actually take that back. This one looks really, really good. Yeah, I have to agree with you. Besides the coloring, which I can imagine is really hard to work with, the detail is really good. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button, and let's watch another video together right over here. Oh, dude, that one's actually one of my favorites. Click that one. [Music] [Music]