# Hyper Sonic Vs Dark Shadow!!

All right, dude. It's time for Hypersonic versus Dark Shadow. Dark Shadow? Is that even a thing? Apparently, it is because in this animation, that's exactly what happens. Well, anyways, everybody watch this video. Make sure you hit that like, subscribe button, and let's check out Hypersonic versus Dark Shadow, I guess. Also, huge shout out to Mike Bettincourt for making this animation. Oh, this is a style we're getting. Okay, this is going to be fun. If it isn't fanfiction the hedgehog, did I seriously just call you fanfiction the hedgehog? That's hilarious. Grace to all hedgehog kind. I'm just going to go ahead and pretend that didn't happen. Say Vegeta. Wow, that was savage. I just called you Vegeta, bro. Honestly, I'm not even that mad. If by now you can't tell the similarity between us and Dragon Ball Z, then I don't know what to tell you. Well, we're not going to waste any time. Looks like we're just going to run up to each other and kick each other in the face, I guess. Wait, nothing happened after that entire buildup. All we did was get our feet locked together. Okay, that was a little bit antilimactic. I don't know. Maybe we both meant to do that or something. Oh, wait. No, I think I'm wrong here. Looks like you didn't kick me. Yeah, okay. You just kicked me right in the face. Not going to lie, I definitely did not see that coming, but I'll take it nonetheless. I understand that you don't like being called Vegeta or whatever, but apparently this Shadow is just not about that life at all. I mean, don't get me wrong, there was definitely a time where that would have bothered me, but to be honest, I think it is a compliment now cuz Vegeta is pretty awesome. Yeah, I can agree with that. Big Bang Attack and Final Flash are definitely awesome moves in my opinion. I would love to say that Chaos Spear is stronger than both of those moves, but I just can't. Oh, that was pretty cool. Looks like I dodged that one. I mean, I get that you're fast and everything, but I throw those Chaos Spheres at like light speed. So, I don't think you're traveling at light speed without like going super or something. You know what I mean? What are you talking about, bro? I can go light speed without going super. Haven't you seen like the first Sonic movie where I stopped all of Eggman's rockets? There's no way I'm preparing myself this much for just like a regular spin dash. This doesn't make any sense. Well, like I said earlier, if I was able to dodge those chaos spears, then I'm probably traveling at light speed right here. So, it's probably why you were so prepared for it. You know what I've always thought was so funny is the fact that your spin dash does so much damage even though all you're doing is spinning into someone. Not bad for my rival. Your rival? Wow. Apparently, I don't think of you as my rival in this animation. Interesting. Yeah, they're probably talking about Metal Sonic or something. He's called Metal Sonic. Oh, you were right. Nice work. Dark Sonic. Did he just call me edgy dark Sonic? I mean, I get the whole edgy thing, but Dark Sonic, seriously. I mean, you are black and red after all. And also, if I am being perfectly honest, me saying I'm going to use my full power does sound a lot like Vegeta. So, that joke definitely makes sense right there. Okay. So, the Seven Chaos Emeralds just showed up out of nowhere. Okay. Yeah, that totally makes sense. I'm not going to complain because that means we're going to get a super fight between the two of us. And who doesn't want to see that if I'm being perfectly honest? Do we stare at each other for 10 minutes now? No, this is for YouTube. Every second counts. Okay, that was actually a pretty funny Dragon Ball Z joke. I'm not going to lie. I know, right? There's so many episodes where they just power up for like 20 minutes and stare at each other. It's hilarious. That is one heck of a punch right there, bro. So, it looks like you're going to get the first hit while we go super. Can't say I didn't see that one coming. But then it looks like you got to knee me in the stomach and throw a chaos spear at me. So, I mean, hey, that's pretty cool, right? Yeah. Yeah, well, everybody knows you're just going to dodge it anyways, so there's no point in me throwing it at you in the first place. I don't really get why we're so tired. We only did like three or four moves or something. Yeah, you make a pretty good point. And wait a second. Was that Mario that was hiding behind that rock back there? I saw him like pop his little head up for a second. I think you're right. I'm pretty sure that is Mario because I think I saw him on the thumbnail of this video. I mean, even Knack the Weasel had a cameo. Did you seriously just diss me by comparing me to Knack the Weasel? Yeah, you're right. I'm a little bit edgier in this than I normally am. I kind of like it. Just shut up and spin, dude. Um, did he say spin or spit? Cuz it really sounded like he said spit right there. Why would I say spit? Because obviously we're spin dashing, so it makes a lot more sense if I actually said spin. Well, if it was a spin dash, I don't think I've ever seen a spin dash cause a nuclear explosion because that was crazy, dude. Oh, that's adorable. Look at us. We're holding hands, bro. Isn't that incredibly sweet? For a second there, I looked at my hands and it looked like I had six fingers. That was kind of a trip, dude. Wow, that must have been some headbutt to knock out both of us while we were in super form. Yeah, no kidding. And to pull us both out of super form at the same exact time, too. Well, good thing those Chaos Emeralds can just show up out of nowhere, so we really shouldn't be that worried. Wait a second. Is that Mario's hat with some eyeballs on it? Yeah, I definitely did not have that on my bingo card today. I don't know what you're talking about, man. When I woke up today, I was definitely thinking, "Oh, Shadow is absolutely going to wear a Mario hat and become weird looking dark shadow Mario." Here we go. Dude, what's going on? Um, I think we are both wondering the exact same question because uh number one, I have eyeballs on my hat and number two, I've got a mustache. I've never looked good in a mustache, no matter how many times I've tried. Wait, remind me of the last time you actually tried to have a mustache, bro. Sonic, I've been alive for over 70 years. Bro, you don't think there's at least one time that I tried to grow out a mustache? Well, I guess when you put it that way, I guess that makes sense. Rose, dude, you think that I would actually grow a mustache? I could have been alive for 500 years and I still never would have tried to grow a mustache. Hey, I was giving you the benefit of the doubt, man. How am I supposed to know? You just don't like people with mustaches, dude. Between Eggman and now me as Mario Shadow, you just tried to kick me without like saying a word to me, bro. Well, your character just asked me how my movie career was going, and you definitely said it like you were trying to make me mad. So, that's probably why I tried to kick you, dude. Wait a second. I had that Chaos Emerald this entire time. I thought the other ones just disappeared. I mean, maybe you just kept that one to use Chaos Control and the other ones actually disappeared. Who knows? Well, it looks like you're fast enough to dodge Chaos Spears, but you're not fast enough to dodge Chaos Control. And then you just kick me right in the chin while holding a Chaos Spear. I like that I'm holding it like I'm holding Zeus's thunderbolt or something. That's pretty funny. Oh, here we go. Looks like you're finally going to hit me with a Chaos Spear. I have to be unconscious. Then boom. Just like that, bro. Check it out. Holy smokes. That's a lot bigger of an explosion than I was expecting for one chaos spirit. There's no way that that one chaos spirit was enough to defeat me permanently. I don't buy that at all. Yeah, I don't buy that either. Oh, wait. Here we go. Looks like you're going to transform into something. Let's see what happens. Wait, so hang on a second. Getting hit by a chaos spear apparently turns me into Hypersonic. Okay, didn't see that one coming, but I'm cool with it. Like in the ball of the dragon. Oh, cool. Another Dragon Ball Z reference. That's hilarious. No, this is totally different. I'm Hyper Sonic. Once again, you'd ought to be crazy not to see the resemblance between me and Goku. I'm one heck of a drawer, dude. I mean, I drew that whole thing while you were like transforming into Hypersonic. That's pretty impressive, bro. Or maybe you already had that in your pocket because deep down you knew that I was going to become Hypersonic in this animation. Dude, could you imagine? That'd be so awesome. That is easily got to be one of the slowest punches I've ever seen. You saw that coming like a mile away, bro. I know, right? And I'm surprised I didn't see it because I have an additional two eyes on my hat. So, I feel like four eyes should be able to see really anything. You know what's funny about this is it doesn't really look like I'm scared of you at all. Like, I'm not showing any emotion whatsoever. Well, yeah. Look what you just did to my chaos beard. You just swatted it away like it was nothing. And now I'm just standing still dodging all of your punches. This is actually pretty hilarious. I mean, do I think that I'm actually going to hit you right here after you dodging like 500 punches just a second ago? Oh, wow. I just kicked you right in the face. That looks like it hurt. Dude, I really hope that you were not already in the air with your foot forward because that would mean I just literally ran directly into it. I mean, so far we really haven't seen much. Oh, and as you say that, I'm taking off my inhibitor rings. Okay, now it's about to go down, bro. Oh, wait a second here. It looks like you're going like dark Mario Shadow or something like that. Of Nintendo and Sega combined. The power of Nintendo and Sega combined. Okay, that's pretty funny. It's called Mario and Sonic at the Olympics. Mario and Sonic at the Olympics. Oh, I remember that game. That was actually pretty fun. Dude, check out the sky. There's like fire and sparks and lightning everywhere. This is a pretty powerful form. It looks like Here's the thing. If you got four glowing eyes and a firestorm surrounding you, I don't think that'd be a fight that I'd want to jump into immediately. Holy cow, check that out. It's like when Vegeta used angry explosion in Dragon Ball Z. That's crazy. Well, let's see if I'm strong enough to stop this one. Here we go. Man, if Hypersonic's having this much trouble trying to stop this, it must be strong. Why is everyone in this series trying to kill me? That is a problem that I face all the time. Every villain that I come across for some reason always wants to kill me. I mean, I didn't want to kill you initially. What are you talking about? You definitely tried to kill me. You're the one that called me a faker, remember? Yeah, but you knew that I was just joking around, right, bro? You were not joking around and you know it. Besides, it's just water under the bridge at this point, so who cares? Anyways, everybody, make sure you click that like and subscribe button and click one of the videos that's on the screen right now. It's actually one of my favorites.