# Dark Super Sonic Vs Sonic EXE The Race!!

Today we're going to check out Dark Supersonic versus Sonic .exe the race. Bro, what kind of race is this? It's Is it some sort of scary race? Probably because it's Dark Supersonic and Sonic Exe. So, probably. Anyways, make sure everybody hits that like and subscribe button. Let's check out Dark Supersonic versus Sonic EXE. But dude, GroovyK 2000 is seriously one of the best animators on YouTube. Like, I'm not even kidding. Yeah, whatever. I think I've seen better. I don't know, man. What's going on with Tails? Why is the tornado like in the middle of this forest? Oh, was that my foot right there? No, that's not your foot. That's my foot, bro. Oh, wishful thinking, I guess. Um, the sky is turning red, so that must mean that Sonic EXE is coming. Oh, wait, there he is right there. How come we don't watch more videos about me? I don't know. I mean, Groovy K2000 just hasn't made an animation about you, I guess. Oh, no. I guess I guess he just figured it out. I mean, I Yep. There you go. Get out of there, dude. There's no use running, I feel like, cuz Sonic Exe can just like teleport. But whatever. Yeah, he's probably right behind him. He has no idea. Oh, yeah. There you go. Dude, this is just like the game Sonic Exe. Like, this is They're doing like the exact same scene. That's kind of cool. This is pretty cool, actually. Not going to lie. Wait, what just happened? How come How come he's not dead? Like Sonic Exe was holding to kill him right there. I think Whoa. Oh, there. You were there to save him. Lucky guy. There we go. So, wait. Do I go Yeah. What's happening here? I'm going dark supersonic right now. Or dark whatever. They're not wasting any time, are they? There we go. I guess I'm going dark supersonic right here. Good thing I didn't need the Chaos Emeralds for that. So, I guess that's cool. You know what? Dark, it's probably your best form because it's the closest to mine. I mean, I'm not going to disagree. Dark Supersonic is really super cool. So, I'm I'm a fan. I'm just saying like the darker your fur, like the more stuff matches, you know? It just like good for accessories. Dude, just cuz I look like you doesn't mean I'm the cooler form. I have a lot of other cooler forms, dude. Actually, that's exactly what I'm saying. It's that's why it's my favorite of yours. I know. I know that's why you were saying that, but still. Hang on. What is this? It shows like a uh Why is that a silhouette of Tails right there? Maybe because Tails is lost in time. I mean, maybe. What's this? Hang on. What's this Chow doing? This Chow's like with a witch hat is And now we're getting something. What is this? Was that a wizard chow, dude? It probably is a wizard chow now. Or it's like a witch chow. I don't I don't get it. Oh, look. It has a windup thing. I know that's the omochow, but I just don't get why it has a witch hat on. It's the Windows screen saver. Oh, there we go. Look at how windy it is, man. Good thing uh Sonic XE is doing some stretching there. This is starting to get a little weird, I guess. Are they going to race or what? I think so. I'm just curious why Sonic Exe uh quills were like fluttering in the wind, but Dark Sonic wasn't. Because Dark Sonic is obviously a lot more solid. I get why you're saying that because he looks like you, but I don't think that's the case. Bro, look, he's already a nose ahead. He's just Hang on. Why is it Why don't both of them just fly? Like, why is Dark Sonic actually running? If they really wanted to get somewhere, they would be skating, dude. They're not going to skate. You're the only one that has the air shoes, bro. I know. I'm just saying if they wanted to be cool, they'd be more like me. No, dude. I mean, can it be there flying, which is pretty rad. And look, he just like ran right through that rock. Yeah, he should have jumped over it. Wasted a lot of energy there. So far, it looks like they're pretty much neck and neck. Like, nobody's cooking the other one at all. I'm not going to say it. See, look. He He could just teleport in front of him. Like, there's no point even running this. That's true. Why doesn't he just teleport all the way to the finish line? He even had enough to go get a cup of coffee and teleport in front of him like that. Did he just get his butt kicked, dude? He kicked him all the way through those like six rocks. That's uh I'd say that's pretty impressive. Uh-oh. So, wait, is he using like telekinesis to like pull him back and like Okay, never mind. What? Hang on. What just happened? He just like hit him with a spin dash or whatever. This must be October. I think this is like an October thing cuz I can hear the Pumpkin Hill theme song in the background. Dude, it kind of feels a lot like Pumpkin Hill, doesn't it? I mean, minus the pumpkins, but I can hear the theme song in the background, so it's definitely Pumpkin Hill, but they're somewhere else. The sky, too. Okay, I just I'm going to get sat on by these big rock dudes. That's fair. I don't know how Sonic Ex is going to lose right now because of that. When all those rock dudes are piled up on top of each other, they look like a big pile of poo. Well, maybe they are. Maybe they're just rock. Who knows? Whoa. Now a lot of stuff's going on. What's happening? I don't know. It like almost looks like Tails is like trapped in like a thing. And oh wait, hang on. I'm going like super far. This is why here. This is why I'm going super dark Sonic. Okay, now I get it. Now we're talking. Oh yeah, Sonic is like, "Bro, I probably made a mistake." Yeah, there it is. Way cool. It was at this moment he knew that he messed up. I see what you were going with right there. Oh, check. Wait, did I just delete those guys? Look at that. They're like completely like disintegrated. That was cool. Not going to lie, that was pretty awesome. Oh, no. Look at this. Don't mess with super dark. What is it? Dark hypersonic. Dark super hypersonic or whatever. All of them plus four. Oh, check that out. And I have Whoa, check it out. I have like a super blast that I like hit him with. That's pretty cool. At that moment, you almost looked about 10% as cool as I do on a normal day. Um, I think that's 100% false because uh, Super Dark Sonic looks pretty cool in my opinion. Just saying. So, it looks like these two are teaming up. Um, I think so. So, they're not racing anymore. They're just beating up these rock dudes. I think they forgot they were racing. Oh, look at that. I'm like creating a black hole or whatever. That's pretty cool looking. Where'd you go? I don't know. I don't think the race really matters at this point anymore, right? Well, wouldn't they technically both be you? I mean, technically, but like Sonic Exe is like a different version of me. So, it's like I'm more Dark Sonic than I am Sonic exe, you know? Oh, here comes everybody else. Oh, yeah. Now it's starting to get real good. I mean, no offense, but what are you going to do to Sonic EXE? Like in your regular base form? Well, maybe with my uh help of my friends, I can get this done. H what's happening here? Is he like turning like super dark or Sonic exe or something like that? Oh, this is not look like it's gonna end well. Oh boy. Oh boy. They're doing like the Sonic thing from like the video game. And Dark Sonic's like, "Wait." Oh, I probably should pay attention. Are they running away? I don't know what this is. Why would Hang on. Why would Why is Dark Sonic running is what I'd like to know. Did everybody just join the race? Or is this Oh, no. Never mind. Is Knuckles seriously punching Super Dark Sonic? Like, how is he going to How's he going to be able to do anything? Uh-oh. Amy's got her hammer. Oh no. Look out. Watch out for Amy's hammer. You don't want to get hit by that if you're super dark Sonic, you know. H Amy's so lame. Sorry. I mean, you're not wrong, Amy. I don't know what Amy's even doing in this fight right here because she'd be completely annihilated. I feel like Amy's just dragging everybody down. Oh, here we go. Now it's starting to get really good. No offense, bro, but regular Shadow is not going to stand a chance against Super Dark Sonic. Just saying. No, I think you're wrong. I think I'm going to just totally destroy him right now. Watch. I mean, you're using Chaos Control, which is pretty cool, and you throwing some like Chaos Spears at me, but still. I think I got this. Oh, yeah. It's definitely over. Look. Okay, that was pretty cool. I'm not going to lie. I just made this video epic. I think this video was already pretty epic even without you in it, dude. Well, before it was really good, but ever since they introduced me, I think that video just like really went really well. Are you serious? Sonic exe ended up winning that just because I had to fight you and Knuckles and stuff. That was kind of bogus. Well, I can't say I didn't see that coming. Wait, he's got a clown costume on. I don't understand. What is this? Yeah, that's about right. So, does does that mean he wins or I don't really get what that what that was. Okay, here we go. It's not over yet. Um, I'm in All right. This is the dimension. This is Sonic Exe dimension. And I got to save Tails now. Is that what this is? Do you need to set him free or do you need to give him a hug? I don't know. Oh, wait. Hang on. Is that Tails doll? That is Tails doll, dude. Terrifying. Oh, that is horrifying. Happy Halloween. Is that the end of it? Well, anyways, make sure you guys all hit that like and subscribe button. And why don't we just click on the video on the right here? No, I think you guys need to click this video right here because this is probably my