# Sonic and Shadow Watch Sonic The Hedgehog 4 Concept Trailers!!

Today it's time to check out a bunch of Sonic Movie 4 trailers. Sonic Movie 4? Dude, that movie doesn't come out for like another 2 years. That's why it's going to be kind of cool to see what these concept trailers look like. Well, anyways, everybody watch this video. Make sure you hit that like and subscribe button. And let's check out some Sonic Movie 4 trailers, I guess. Oh, wow. Check it out. It's Amy. Looks like she's starting this one off. We need you to save. Could you imagine if that's what Amy sounds like in Sonic Movie 4? And she said that she's from a future that needs saving. I wonder what that's supposed to mean. Well, I think there's your answer. It looks like Dr. Eggman never died at the end of Sonic Movie 3 and he has a whole bunch of metal Sonics guarding him. Apparently, he was obsessed and tried to recreate the perfect version. But so Eggman was obsessed and created a whole bunch of Metal Sonics. Got it. Then he realized, why stop at just one? I mean, honestly, he's not wrong. If you're going to create one Super Metal Sonic, you might as well create a whole bunch of them. I mean, I'm getting super strong Terminator vibes from this, but you know what? I'm okay with it because Terminator is literally one of the greatest movies ever. You know what? I think I can agree with that. That movie dominates. No joke. And wait a second. Who's this? Is that Neil Metal Sonic? No way. Know much about time travel, buddy. Oh, no big deal. Don't worry about it. We can just create time travel inside of a garage. That completely makes sense. You know what makes sense is you guys riding on that like roller coaster or whatever. Cuz I think that's exactly what that was. Yeah, you're right. That was a roller coaster. Holy smokes. If there's a roller coaster in Sonic Movie 4, then I honestly can't wait for it. Maybe that's how people get around in the future. Like everybody gets on their roller coasters and goes to work or whatever. Oh, check it out. It's me. I think this is what we team up or something like that. Like both of us have to fight Metal Sonic in order to like save the future or whatever. I mean, if anybody has seen any movie ever, there is no way that that is not going to be the plot of Sonic movie 4. We are definitely going to team up and we're definitely going to take on Metal Sonic, guaranteed. I mean, I've been wrong before, but I mean, all signs point to that's probably what the plot is going to be, honestly. Oh, here we go. We're getting some sort of secret part to this trailer. Let's see what's going on here. What's it going to be? Dude, wait a second. Is that Silver? Dude, that is Silver. No way. That is awesome. I really hope that he is in Sonic Movie 4. Yeah, dude. Me, too. That'd be awesome. Wait a second. What just happened? We just went into another trailer where you're like part of the Knights of the Round Table or something. Is that what that was? Um, I think so. That is kind of what it looked like right there. And what was that? Is that the Werehog? Is the Werehog going to be in Sonic Movie 4? Dude, that would be insane if the Werehog was in Sonic Movie 4. I mean, they'd be definitely skipping a few games, that's for sure. But I'd still be down. And it looks like you have What is that? A flamethrower? Wait, Sonic the Hedgehog with a flamethrower. Okay, now I think I've seen everything. Dude, this trailer is way darker than the first one. There's like monsters and like werehogs and like different creatures with like tentacles and stuff poking out. Yeah, and you with a sword apparently. And wait, is that Hypersonic? Dude, if we get Hypersonic in Sonic Movie 4, I'm pretty sure the movie would be over in like 2 seconds. If I honestly did turn into Hypersonic in that movie, I'm pretty sure they wouldn't have me doing that until like the last like 10 minutes of the movie or something like that. And was that the Werehog in super form? I don't know what I'd rather see, hypersonic or the Werehog in super form because that would be absolutely epic, bro. And it looks like we switched trailers again. So, it's like another apocalyptic version of Greenh Hill or something like that. That looked like a tornado that like destroyed the entire planet. And is this Eggman like coming back through time to like send his egg robots back on Earth to like destroy it? I have no idea, but I think this right here is another version of Metal Sonic. So, I'm going to guess that yes, that is probably the case. And is that another version of Hypersonic or is that supposed to be Silver? I honestly have no idea because that hedgehog we saw just a second ago looked like they were definitely made out of like chrome or something like that and they look nothing like Metal Sonic. Wa. What is even happening in this trailer? Like the Earth is blowing up. Eggman has red eyes. I I have no idea what I just watched. I have no idea either. But you know what? In a weird way, I'd actually be okay with that because that looks like a grittier version of Sonic. And to be honest, I'd like to see that. Hang on. Was that a tsunami like taking out San Francisco? So, we have another apocalyptic event taking over apparently. I mean, I guess so. And it looks like Metal Sonic is here, too. So, maybe he had something to do with the tsunami or whatever. How would Metal Sonic have something to do with a tsunami? I don't know, man. I'm just throwing out ideas. I mean, after all, these are all concept trailers, so really anything is possible. I mean, you're not wrong. I'm just saying I hope it's not some sort of cataclysmic event that causes all of this, you know? I mean, that is true because in Terminator, they're trying to like stop AI from taking over like the entire planet in the future. So, maybe this has something to do with that. Who knows? Was that a treasure map? Dude, I would love to go search for treasure in this movie. This has got to have a treasure map. I I would die. I'm just saying this right now. There's no way that Big the Cat or Cream the Rabbit is going to be in Sonic Movie 4. There's just there's no possible way. Why not, dude? In the last movie, we got you. And in the movie before that, we got Knuckles and Tails. I'm just saying they're not going to add a whole bunch of characters to the movies because you're going to get Amy for sure and Metal Sonic and probably Robotnik's coming back. So, I don't think they're going to overload it with a bunch of random characters, you know? I don't know, man. Because Big the Cat and Cream the Rabbit are not really like game-breaking characters, you know? They just kind of be there as like in a supporting role or whatever. Oh, like Big the Cat's just going to be sitting there fishing and we're going to roll up on him. We're like, "Hey, have you seen so and so?" And he's like, "Yeah, go left. Come on, man. Give me a break." Hey, man. You never know. Hey, wait. Is that Hypersonic again? Wait a second. Have we seen this one already or is this a brand new one? I'm pretty sure this is a brand new one, dude. Oh, yeah. You're right. Because we didn't see this like random Pokeball thing that looks like it's alive. I'm just saying, dude. A Pokemon Sonic the Hedgehog crossover would absolutely break the internet. I'm just I'm just throwing that out there. Wait a second. Was that Knuckles? He looked absolutely jacked. Bro, forget Knuckles. I'm pretty sure that scene we just saw a second ago is you marrying Amy or something. I'll tell you right now, there is zero chance that I marry anybody in the next Sonic movies. I'm talking like the next 10 Sonic movies. That's not going to happen. Hey, you never know, man. Especially if we're going to be going into the future. What if there's a future version of you that decided to get married? Come on, bro. Be realistic. Wait a second. Is that a whole bunch of hedgehogs like stuck in test tubes? Dude, check it out. It's like the Super Werehog again. Man, I hope we see that in the next movie. Dude, I'm just saying there is no way that we're going to get Super Werehog before we get something like Super Tails or Super Knuckles. You know what I mean? I don't know, man. And wait a second. That looked like a hedgehog that had like symbiote powers or something like that. That'd be terrifying. I like the last scene had test tube hedgehogs, but that one had test tube babies. It's like the trailer can't really make up its mind on what they want to do with it. Yeah, I know. That's totally true. And wait a second. Isn't that Goldar from like the last Power Ranger movie? I'm pretty sure that's who that was. Low key right now, I think that was actually a pretty fire movie. I'm just throwing that out there. 100%. I'm pretty sure if you don't like the Power Rangers, then you can pretty much lose my phone number. When did you get a phone, bro? I don't know, about a couple of months. I really wanted to play Angry Birds. Angry Birds? What are you, like 50? Nobody plays that game anymore, dude. I mean, technically, I'm like 70 years old, so it does make sense that I like that game. Yeah, whatever. Anyway, let's get back to the trailer. It looks like this is another space threat, but it hasn't actually impacted Earth or anything yet. Yeah, you can definitely tell that Eggman is behind this, but I have really no idea what this trailer is trying to tell us. There's just like a whole bunch of scenes put together. Wait a second. It's just over just like that. So, not only do we not know what that trailer was about, but then it just abruptly ends. Okay, sure. And now, okay, here we go. We're starting this thing off with Amy again. All right. Are you sure you didn't drink that spoiled milk? I don't remember Tales sounding like that at all. Did I miss something? I don't think so, bro. I think we are in full-blown AI territory right now. I guess so. I can't really wait to see where this goes. Well, apparently it takes you to the top of that mountain and Amy's summoning a portal. It looks like Rio, please. If it is you, I need your help. I think that this trailer's kind of got it right because I think that is what's probably going to happen. Amy's going to come back from the future and she's going to ask for my help to like go to the future and help and stuff. I don't know, man. This is kind of giving me Sonic Prime vibes. Like this whole trailer is like using Sonic Prime as like a backdrop for what the trailer's actually supposed to be about. I mean, honestly, Sonic Prime is awesome. That'd be really cool if they could adopt that whole storyline into a movie. I'd be super down with that, bro. Anyways, everybody, make sure you click that like and subscribe button and click one of the videos that's on the screen right now. It's actually one of my favorites.