# Sonic and Shadow Race EVERYONE!!

Hey Shadow, guess what? Today we're going to race. Bro, I'm pretty sure we've already done that and I came out on top. Okay, that's false. But also, we're going to race a bunch of Sonic characters. Anyways, everybody, watch this video. Hit that like and subscribe button and let's check out this race that Sonic's talking about. Good for Tails. He's figured out how to fly without actually spinning his tails. Now, that's impressive. He just really wants to get to this race that we're all going to. That's pretty hilarious. They never showed you running to this race. You're just there all of a sudden. Well, yeah, man. It's cuz I'm that awesome. You know what? Is that the Incredible Hulk? He's in this race, too. And why is he so much smaller than everybody? You make a really good point because I'm pretty sure the Hulk is bigger than all of these characters combined. And wait a second. There's Spider-Man. Apparently, he's smaller than everybody, too. Oh my gosh, this is hilarious, bro. This looks like some sort of race obstacle course. Like uh like something from that game Fall Guys. You know, that one that we played like like a year ago or something. Oh, yeah. Fall Guys. I remember that game. That was actually pretty fun. Dude, did you see the brands that are sponsoring this race? It said Sprunk and in the back there it says cola. It's infectious. So apparently we're all just like sponsored by a bunch of sodas or whatever. Oh, dude. Silver got caught up in that little twisty thing in the beginning. There's no way he's going to win this race now. I mean, I get this is like a weird animation or whatever, but Oh my gosh. Wow, dude. You just got like decapitated or something. Yeah, and I got back up like it didn't even phase me. That was savage, bro. If we were true to our actual speed, I'm pretty sure this race would be like half a second long. Yeah, but that doesn't make the video very fun to watch, dude. If we all just used our true speed, this video would be like super boring. No, it wouldn't. You guys would just get cooked by me using chaos control at the start of the race. I'm pretty sure if we got into a real race like this, we'd have to ban anything that allows players to teleport to the finish line. I don't know what you're talking about, man, but I'm pretty sure that would be amazing. What's happening to Silver and Tails right here? Like, they can't get off of these things. They keep like getting electric shocked into the air or whatever. Um, I have no idea, but apparently you're getting stopped by that goalpost. And wait a second. What's wrong with Knuckles? He keeps walking into the wall over there. It's like he doesn't know how to go underneath garage doors or something like that. And I'm sorry. If you're Tails or Silver right now, you should probably just quit the race because there's no way that you guys are going to catch us right now. Look at how much further we are than everybody else, you know? Oh, dude. He just got swallowed up by that propeller. Holy smokes, man. That was crazy. How did we grow so much overnight? Cuz check us out. We are like way bigger than these actual race cars, dude. I mean, I hate to say I told you so, but check it out. I'm just walting over the finish line like it's nobody else's business, dude. Well, I'm sorry if I was vaultting over that car like I was in an action movie. I kind of needed to do it. You know what I mean? I mean, if it wasn't you doing it, I probably would have done it. So, I totally get it. Oh, dude, check it out. I think Knuckles has been stuck in that propeller this entire time cuz uh he just got thrown over the fence right there. Oh, check it out. Silver finally made it. All right, cool. I don't know why he's walking right now, though. Oh, now he's running again. There we go. Go, Silver. You got this, bro. Now he's walking again. Now he's running again. I don't get it. Oh, I get it. He was waiting to do the action movie jump over the hood. Okay, that's respectable. Well, there we go. We got the first three winners of this race. Dude, probably the only winners because I never saw Knuckles or Tails cross the finish line. Maybe they're just celebrating with us because they don't want to be left out. I don't know. Well, either way, I thought that race was pretty amusing, especially with those propellers, bro. Oh, here we go. We're not actually going to be in this race. It looks like we got Metal Sonic, Vector, Hulk, Spider-Man, and Espio. Okay, this should be interesting. Who do you got on this race, bro? My money's on Spider-Man or Hulk because technically they could just like jump to the end. You know what I mean? Okay, I feel like this is pretty obvious, but if I don't get to use Chaos Control, then I'm pretty sure that Spider-Man and Hulk don't get to use their superpowers either. Okay, you know what? That actually makes a pretty good point because even if that was the case, Metal Sonic would be able to like dominate everybody here, too. And I'm not trying to be mean or anything, but what is Vector doing in this race in the first place? He is easily the weakest link amongst all of these guys. Hey, man, you never know because nobody can technically use their powers. This is all just a foot race. So, Vector has just as much of a chance to win as anybody else, bro. Yeah, especially everybody falling off this ledge and like breaking their necks, too. How is Espio so much further behind everybody? I could have sworn he was closer than that. Dude, Spider-Man is gaining on Vector. I don't know how much longer he's going to be able to hold on to this victory. I like how gravity plays no role in this. They just walked off that whole ledge like, "Gravity? What's that?" Oh, dude. Cool. We're getting some Spider-Man first person. He's going to catch up to Vector. Here we go. Come on. You got this, bro. Oh, snap. Here we go, dude. Come on. Spider-Man's now in front. And it looks like Hulk Wait, what's wrong with Hulk's shoulders? Did you see that? His shoulders were like broken or whatever. And then there's Metal Sonic trailing far behind. And then we got Espo, who literally should just quit the race right now. Wait a second. How did Vector catch up to Spider-Man? Like I thought he was like really far behind them or whatever. I guess not, dude. Oh, wait. What was that? Vector just like stood still and let Spider-Man pass him? That was kind of bogus. Wait a second. Is Metal Sonic going to do an action movie car slide even though he's almost in last place? Okay, that was pretty savage. Honestly, if you're almost at last place and you're far behind everybody else, why not do an action movie car slide, you know? Why did it look like Spider-Man was just like holding in his speed the entire time? Because right there in the last like 100 ft, he just put on the afterburners and absolutely cooked Vector. And here comes Hulk taking his sweet time because there's no way that Metal Sonic is going to catch up to him. I mean, hey, third place isn't too bad. And look, Metal Sonic's going to get fourth place, so that's pretty good. I don't know about you, dude, but anything after first place is just losing. Second place is actually just first loser, you know. And here's Espo taking a sweet time and not even worried about the blocks in front of him. He's just like, you know what, I know I lost. I'm just going to go ahead and walk as slow as I can to the finish line. If I'm Spider-Man, I am absolutely terrified in this situation. We got a bunch of characters that are way bigger than they're supposed to be. Oh, here we go. Looks like we're going back to our race. All right, so looks like we're racing against Amy, the Werehog, and whoever that other character is. I don't know if I've ever seen them before. All right, here we go. Let's see if I can get my second win in a row. No way, man. I'm totally going to take this one. Wait a second. Don't go up that ramp. Don't go up that ramp. What are you doing? Stop it. Maybe you and Amy thought that was like a shortcut or something, but apparently Okay, never mind. You just broke your face. Yeah, I don't think that's going to win you any uh races, bro. Wow, Sonic, that is so insightful. Me falling off the ledge and breaking my face is going to make it harder. You are so smart, man. Hey, man. I don't need the sarcasm. I'm just telling you that was probably a bad decision. Speaking of bad decisions, why did you guys run over those like electrical current things or what? Oh, great. Now I'm going to do it, too. Awesome. As if I didn't have enough bodily harm already. No offense, dude, but I don't think you're going to be winning this race. I'm just saying. I'm just saying you better watch where you're going, bro, instead of making fun of me because you don't even know how to run straight. And wait a second. How did I run into that in the first place? Those look like those like inflatable wacky wailing inflatable arm flailing tube men. Those things are not solid. I mean, I beg to differ because you definitely ran into that and you definitely got knocked over. Okay, here we go, dude. Let's see if I can make this without falling into the propellers. Come on. Come on. I can do this. I honestly cannot believe I'm behind the Werehog right now. Oh, never mind. I spoke too soon. He just got gobbled up by the propellers. Okay, that was hilarious. He might have got hit by the propellers, but it looks like it threw him forward in the race, so it looks like you're still going to lose, dude. I don't know, man. It looked like he was running towards the propellers, so I think I'm going to be okay. Another first place victory. Don't mind if I do. Oh yeah, here we go. Action movie car jump, dude. Yes, that is what it's all about right there. Okay, that was absolutely worth it. I'm just super confused why the Werehog decided to run towards the propellers when uh he was absolutely in second place. Like look at him. He's just running in circles. What are you doing, bro? I know. Seriously, like he even gave up third place to this other character. Now he's definitely going to take fourth. What an idiot. Yeah, man. I'm not going to pretend to understand what I just saw there because it looks like the Werehog definitely just threw that race right there for sure. Wait a second here. What in the world am I watching right now? Are we all dancing to Gundam Style? What is this? Yep. I think that's exactly what's happening, bro. We are definitely all dancing to Gundam Style after the race. I am not really sure what I just watched, but what I am sure of is the video that's on the screen right now. I really think you guys are going to love that. So, just go ahead and click it. Come on. You know you want to.