# Sonic In Real Life!!

Shadow, I am so excited about this. Sonic in real life, bro. Yeah, I hear you. This is pretty exciting. The only thing that would make it better is if it was Shadow in real life. I mean, who knows, bro. Maybe you're actually a character in this video. We'll see. Well, this is going to be interesting. Anyways, everybody watching this video, hit that like and subscribe button, and let's find out what Sonic is talking about. Shiloh and Bros, big shout out to them because this is going to be incredible. Whoa, this video is an ad for Sega. That guy looks just like Dr. Eggman. Oh, dude. They have us all animated, too. They even took the time to do that. That's amazing. Check that out. Whoa. Amy looks really weird right there. These are all of our classic skins. So, I guess that answers the question if you're going to be in this because if it's all classic, then you're probably not going to be in this one, bro. Well, I guess this video could probably be about 200% better, but I it'll still be good. I don't know, man. This is pretty cool. I don't think I've ever seen a video about Sonic in real life. This is This is kind of awesome. That was crazy. What did he just do to you? Did he just turn you guys into some orbs that just escaped? I guess so. We're like floating orbs and apparently he can see us on radar or whatever. I don't know what he's trying to do, but it's probably up to no good. Oh, what the heck just happened to that guy? Why is he got green slime all over him? Wait a second. So, is this like back in the day? Did we get like teleported back in time? What is this? I have no idea, but looks like you just knocked them all out. Um, okay. Wait, so she turned into Amy, it looks like. So that Hang on. So that means these other guys are going to be Knuckles, me, and Tails. And now look at you. You've got all kinds of electricity through you. Oh, and look, the guy's hair's blue, too. That is so cool. And that guy's got some tails. I love it. We have to see if he What would you do if you've never had a tail and then all of a sudden you had a tail? I mean, that would be awesome. I am I'm guessing that these guys Oh, that guy's flying away. He just got messed up. I guess he didn't know that he could fly with both of those tails. I guess there's going to be a little bit of a learning curve over there. Oh, there's Knuckles. I was wondering where Knuckles was. Okay, that's pretty cool. Okay, so now we got Sonic, Amy, Knuckles, and Tails. What are they going to do now? How in the world did they I don't know. I'm I'm guessing like this was a long time ago. That's why there's so many like old school like weapons and stuff, but maybe I'm completely wrong here. It does look like it was a long time ago until a whole bunch of robots just walked in through the door. They have the power. Well, especially since they have robots and they also have like a a modern door that was right there. So, it's like I don't know what time frame this is in. Yeah, it does look like a storage facility because there's also some modern totes back there that we totally missed and now they're inside of a jungle. Why do they want this? That's true. I love that like they're trying to figure out how to use my speed. Like a person just can't figure out how to use my speed right away. I like that. Whoa. Who's this grandpa? But why do you have his um this guy apparently knows that we're not Sonic though, so I that's that's something. I don't know. I don't think I'd ever trust just a random dude popping out of the woods, but he does have a couple of cute animals over there. Maybe he's going to try to get you to make some animals escape. I mean, maybe. But I think I think this guy knows who we are. So, he said Sonic right away. He just obviously figured out it's not me because clearly that person is not me. And look at this. He's about to give you a Chaos Emerald. I would love to have a hoodie like this. I mean, I know I'm already I look like me, but it'd be cool to have a hoodie that looked like me, too. You know, I'd rather have a hoodie that looks like me, too. But if I wore one that was not for me, I'd probably wear the Knuckles one. Looks kind of cool. Like red dreadlocks. I love that they did the Uganda Knuckles thing a second ago. They said, uh, which is the way or whatever. That was hilarious. What just happened? Did you just Did you swallow a bug? You might have been running too fast. Yeah, I'm pretty sure I've swallowed a bug. That wouldn't that be the first time? I mean, you get used to it, that's for sure. Um, but it's it's funny they did that. Yeah. You know, I feel you. Sometimes when I'm hitting top speed, I swallow a bug or two. Sometimes I smile and I'm like, "Whoa, is that a bug in my teeth?" Yeah, you you you definitely have to kind of figure it out and like navigate through all the bugs that go in your mouth. But like I said, you get used to it. Okay. Looks like the human version of you just discovered picking up a whole bunch of rings. I know. Like a lot of people don't understand like how you hold them or where you put them. But I mean, like I said, over the years, we've figured it out. These guys just have to hold them. It looks like. Now, what I'm wondering is if you're going to find more of those Chaos Emeralds, and then you get to turn into your super form. I don't see weirder things today. Freaking this is kind of crazy. So, it looks like Amy is learning how to use the Chaos Emeralds to like teleport or go through walls or something. That Amy sometimes is so smart. What did she do with her hammer? She was holding it a minute ago. I don't know. That's actually a really good point. And they just went into a world that had the the robots there. Also, to find Sonic. Yeah. What are these robots anyways? They look like Squid Game robots of some sort. Could you imagine if like Oh, that's that's a good idea. Sonic X squid games. That'd be quite the video, bro. Whoa. I don't know about you, but I'd love to compete in Squid Games. That's a lot of money we could win there. That would be pretty fun. There'd be no way they'd be able to hit us with anything, though. So, we I think we pretty much win. Dude, Tails just hit him with the QR code. Not going to lie, that was pretty slick. And look, Amy's got her hammer back. I know. Exactly. Maybe it's like it like tell appears when she needs it, like doesn't appear when she doesn't need it. You know what I mean? Really? Oh, here looks like some dudes in prison that need some help. And there's some animals back there. Here you go, Sonic. This is your job, Nick. He already has the So, these guys are in prison. We're doing something, but I feel like we'd be able to get them out of prison like no problem cuz we could like cut those bars easily. I knew those dudes were from Squid Games. You see, that one had a triangle on his face. Oh, yeah. I did see that. You're right. That makes total sense. Wow. Sonic in real life is crazy. Look at that. They just busted out of prison. And how did they pulled them out of there so fast to save us over? And Amy just has to hit a gate with her hammer and then boom, it opens. Now that right there is an impressive hammer. Oh, here we go. Slow motion Knuckles. Oh, wait. Did he miss? Oh, that's what's He's doing like the like the scene from Sonic movie 2. I think that's what that is. Hey, that's exactly what that was. That was hilarious. Did you guys catch that? And now she just Okay, so so far Amy's like the best character. She's now opened up the gate. She's punched. Did you hit that guy? I think it's because she's the main character of this channel. She can't let her brothers shine ahead of her. So, of course, they're going to have Amy as the best one. Oh, I see what you're saying. So, this is Shiloh, and those are her bros. Okay, now everything's clicking for me. It's just south of here. Thanks. Wait a minute. Did they just figure out what they're supposed to do? Thanks. I think that's a little bit late to the game, but yeah, I think that's what's happening. Supposed to flip this? I don't know. That robot's going to get fired. He totally just told them exactly what to do. I wonder what's inside of that crate. Wait, hang on. We were in that crate the whole time. Okay, that was pretty cool. What's this? That was pretty cool. I was a little confused there because I didn't see any air holes. Simple question, really. That's true. And I like that. So, we're back into like a modern house or something like that as opposed to before. Wait. So, what's happening now? Are you guys over? Oh, I think you're over at Eggman's layer. And what is he doing? A little math. Now's not a time for math. Tails is really smart. Tails is just as smart as Eggman. I know that he's a lot younger, but he is definitely just as smart as Eggman. 100%. You know, I think if Tails was as evil as Eggman, he'd have just as much supplies stolen and could build so many things like Eggman. I mean, that's true. He just doesn't have the funds like Eggman does. So, I feel like if if Tail wanted to be evil, he definitely could. Not expecting that. That would be the worst thing ever if that guy turned evil, then I'd probably be pretty scared. And wait, is that a Do you see that picture of Eggman back there? Like in Eggman's office? He just has a picture of himself. That's very Eggman. Sonic's power. Wa! This is crazy. It's the cartoon or 3D animated version of us. Well, you guys. And then the human version of you guys. This is tripping me out. All right. All right, we'll start with I don't know. That squirrel right there is tripping me out. That's uh it's kind of terrifying, dude. Wa! Look, there's Dr. Eggman. Look out, dudes. Oh, here we go. A gigantic warehouse battle. Now, this is going to be cool. Sonic's powers. Be careful. He's got a squirt gun. Who knows what he put in there. It could be Kool-Aid or it could be lemonade. No, he didn't. Dude, he doesn't have Kool-Aid or lemonade in there. I'm pretty sure if he did, that wouldn't do anything besides quench our thirst. China. No, that would have to be Gatorade. How stupid do you think I am? Oh, giving us Gatorade would be a bad idea. The more electrolytes, the better for us. Why didn't they just break out the other versions of you? And then there would be two Sonics, two Amy's, two Knuckles, and four Tails. Get it? Oh, I see what you did there, man. That's so clever. Way to go, dude. His doctor. Oh, no. Now there's two Dr. Eggman's. See, they should have done that. Now it's going to be unfair. Okay, now you're right. They definitely should have broken us out previously to this because now we got to fight all the robots and Eggman in this big warehouse with Gatorade. Uh-oh. And Amy's hammer didn't even do anything. That hammer is so OP in this video. And it didn't even do one thing to Doc Dragman. But the animations in this are pretty cool. I like that they put this like in real life. Like that's that's a really that's a really neat idea. Hey, where did you go? Sort of real life, but not real life, but real life at the same time. Okay, here we go. So, now we're going to go back into the room with us in it. But we just can't quite figure out how to get all of us out of the cage. I see. There's got to be something. Too bad I'm not there. I would just unplug that computer and it would probably reset everything and let everybody go. Make Sonic special. Do you seriously think that like pressing like essentially plugging it in or unplugging it and plugging it back in is really going to work? This isn't like a cell phone, dude. Same reason. Well, that's what I do when I can't get something to work. And what is this squirrel made out of? Wood. Kick Eggman's butt. I mean, if it is, I I feel like you're right cuz it does look very much like that. I can't tell though. Eggman. Not going to lie, that squirrel was pretty cute. Had a cute little voice when it said, "Go defeat Dr. Eggman." And now, wait, why are we not using our super speed anymore? Like, we're just fighting regular stuff now. Like, we're not using the speed to do stuff. Alpha. I think it's because we realize that those robots are pretty lame and you can easily beat them just with your normal speed. Oh, there we go. Now, I'm actually using real speed and I'm not using the lightning portion of it. But Amy's hammer still is OP, though. should just use her hammer to defeat all the robots and then you guys should all go take out Dr. Eggman. These things are tough. That is actually a really good idea. I don't know why we don't just do that. Eggman's not using that blaster either. He's just holding it. I wonder what Eggman's been doing to lose some weight. He looked like he lost at least 250, maybe even 275 lbs around the belly. Dude, didn't you know Eggman's been doing Pilates recently? Like, he's uh he's been killing it. I'm not sure what Pilates are, but whatever they serve on top of those Pilates must be pretty good. Pilates isn't a food, man. It's like a It's like a workout. You like move your body and stuff. And Eggman's been hitting that hard recently. Oh, when you were saying Pilates, I thought that was like a fancy plate. Like, you know, like ceramic china plates. No way. Was Tails just twerking right there. There's no way that just happened. That was not on my bingo card today. I missed that. Rewind it. Yeah, right there. Watch. Watch, watch, watch. Wait for it. See Tails twerking? That is going to be like burned into my brain forever. Yeah, I don't I I definitely did not expect that today. I woke up thinking I was not going to see Tails twerking, and I probably could have gotten through the day without seeing that. Just saying. Hold up. Was this some sort of Dr. Eggman uh like nightclub? I think I see a bar back there, dude. I did, too. I'd noticed that earlier when there's Amy's OP hammer hitting the missile. Go figure. Of course, Amy's going to be the star of this. But I'm pretty sure this called Sonic in real life, not Amy in real life. You know what I mean? There you go. I think you're about to take out Dr. Eggman. Oh, I called it. Not just anybody can do a spin dash, dude. I like that he did that, but I'm saying you're not a hedgehog, bro. All right, I clicked. That was crazy. You took out Dr. Eggman and then you made all those robots twerk. Oh, I don't think they were twerking. I think they were just bent over cuz they like lost power, dude. Oh, okay. That makes a lot more sense. And now what are they doing? Oh, they gave you guys all your powers back and now they just turned into regular dudes. That's cool. I like that classic Sonic doesn't really ever have a mouth. You know what I mean? Whoa, check out those dance moves. Oh, look. He got half of his mustache burnt off and now they're just sitting there realizing that we just beat him and then everyone's doing a big dance. All right, guys. Well, make sure you smash that like and subscribe button and let's watch another video together right over here. Oh, dude, that one's actually one of my favorites. Click that one.